
"?"
(feat. Kurious)

My servants began to forge what was to become
The most dreaded costume on the face of the earth
The last thing to fit was the mask
Will it conform to my twisted features in comfort
He cleans his metal mask with gasoline, they after him
Last seen pulling chicks like a fiend pull a fast one
Can't put shit past him
Got niggas on his own team mad enough to blast him
Retarded in real life, on the mic Rain Man
Stand close to his main man like a chain gang
Who give a fuck about who or they fancy crew
That's no mystery that Hardy Boys do with Nancy Drew
Sorta with her drawers down quarter
The extorter bring slaughter like "Well I oughta"
I suggest you hand over the formula doula
A villain in your land, in his land a ruler
Hard hitting like puffing a woola with Lieutenant Uhura
Every day feel like it's an off day with Ferris Bueller
Brother pull heat to prove they not sweet
No matter how you spell it, we still got beats
Don't question how we live, question what we give
Take it to the next leave 'em where they can't see me
Still they judge, but they be butt ass
Twist that wig like a muppet, keep it simple, can't truss it
Light's the fuel, mic is the tool
Drink Jack, kick back, drop jewel, finish what I start
Mastered the art, living hell can't explain it
Inhale confuse it more, cop the .44
Contemplate, meditate, dictate
I direct my direct fate, coming of late
Kurious, can I say shit
Do it for CottleRock, do it for K.Nit
(RIP)
K-N-I-T, Sub R-O-C
(Eternally for M-I-C)
Only we save we
By candlelight my hand will write these rhymes 'til I'm burnt out
Mostly from experience, shit that I learned about
Topics and views, generally concerned about
With different ways to come up and earn clout
I take a look at my life and pace the trails
From Tablik and savage females with fake nails to face veils
You out your frame but still bagging 'em too
You know I know, these hoes be asking me if I'm you
Like my twin brother, we did everything together
From hundred raka'at salats to copping butter leathers
Remember when you went and got the dark blue Ballys
I had all the different color Cazals and Gazelles
The "SUBROC" three-finger ring with the ruby in the "O", ock
Truly the illest dynamic duo on the whole block
I keep a flick of you with the machete sword in your hand
Everything is going according to plan man


"Absolutely"

Absolute power corrupts absolutely
If they get the villain surrounded then (AHEM!)
Good to the last drop nigglets
Hood til the blast pop them bigot-ass piglets
Go for the bosses, d*cks are higher
Beat walkers still get caught up in the crossfire
Get at the sarge, he give the orders
The rest of them punks'll quit the force or get slaughtered
Use stealth play, alleys, jet
We'd rather not alert them nosey federallies yet
Keep the local random cases in each state
Escape to the beaches for the season and be straight
You on call, keep your nikes on tight, no white
Anybody tell, get lighted on sight
The ring is on a need to know basis
No persons, places, things and no faces
Get bagged, you on your own, act it alone
Back home, your fam'll be provided fo' while you're gone
It's a price on all snitches
If you nice bring back eyes, fingers, toes an' pictures
Send copies to those who singin' the blues
Mothers an' fathers who's unjustly accused
Our species is in danger
Wear gloves an' strike in a city where you a stranger
That'll let them fools know
And send 'em a message, let them P.O.W.'s go
Absolute power corrupts absolutely
Now you have your orders, do your duty
A new way to let the shots spray
A few drops a day, double expresso, d.a. latte
No smell, nor taste, hardly traceable
Wait to waste a prosecutor, paid to get the case pulled
Learn 'em a lesson for givin' bros mad stressins
A long list of CEO's names and addresses
A fake judge with many years on the bench
And sent some good cats to the chair, was aired in a trench
They say her tongue was teared out, smeared and drenched
The whole system's scared and doubtin' a fair stench
And she was tortured, some say post-mortem
The suspect took his own life before they caught 'im
It's real spooky like a real trife movie
Remember the part when terminator killed tookey
Absolute power corrupts absolutely
If they get the villain surrounded, son, then shit…
Shed blood, some'll be shooken
Just look with they head in the mud
Red flood
VILLIAN!


"Accordion"

Living off borrowed time, the clock tick faster
That'd be the hour they knock the slick blaster
Dick Dastardly and Muttley with sick laughter
A gun fight and they come to cut the mixmaster
I-C-E cold, nice to be old
Y2G stee twice to threefold
He sold scrolls, lo and behold
Know who's the illest ever like the greatest story told
Keep your glory, gold and glitter
For half, half of his niggas'll take him out the picture
The other half is rich and it don't mean shit-ta
Villain: a mixture between both with a twist of liquor
Chase it with more beer, taste it like truth or dare
When he have the mic, it's like the place get like: "Aw yeah!"
It's like they know what's 'bout to happen
Just keep ya eye out, like "Aye, aye captain"
Is he still a fly guy clapping if nobody ain't hear it
And can they testify from inner spirit
In living, the true gods
Giving y'all nothing but the lick like two broads
Got more lyrics than the church got "Ooh Lords"
And he hold the mic and your attention like two swords
Or even one with two blades on it
Hey you, don't touch the mic like it's AIDS on it
It's like the end to the means
Fucked type of message that sends to the fiends
That's why he brings his own needles
And get more cheese than Doritos, Cheetos or Fritos
Slip like Freudian
Your first and last step to playing yourself like accordion
When he had the mic you don't go next
Leaving pussy cats like why hoes need Kotex
Exercise index, won't need Bowflex
And won't take the one with no skinny legs like Joe Tex


"A Dead Mouse"

Even then I had the uneasy feeling it wasn't young Viktor Vaughn who would need my protection
Motherfuckers, that's why I ain't playin with their ass, that's what's gon' happen to them niggas...
Motherfuckers done fucked up, man. Ain't it some shit like that?
Yo
I'm only rhyming where the drums is at
Y'all niggas think y'all slick with that bullshit bump that
Y'all pay V for flowing to the beat
Not for what he know that got hoes hoeing in the streets
That's for him to know
And for they to never find out
About the kidnap, blind fold, and the blind mouse
The coroner report say he simply signed out
OH and I know
Y'all wanna see a wino? Bring the wine out
Cat with a dead mouse is how he catch a phrase, and pause, plays with it
Kill it
And eat off it for days, get it!
Who ever ain't get it ain't supposed to
For standing still close to
Bandits will ghost you
No shoot, Sherlock
I don't know how they do on your block
Out here we rock on to the sure shot
Shit still ain't stop, keep it on 'til your peeps is gone
V be on the creep, no matter what you keep it on
CD debahh.... oh...
Aw-... Ya'll motherfuckers... PLAYIN.... motherfu-
V
Catch the beat too ridiculously
People think he study levitation's true mystery
Had a pal named Ed Leedskalnin until he got him for his sweet 16
He said Ed be Wilin'
Rumor has it things got violent
He clobbered him and broke the fuck out
But he ain't try to rob him
I told her don't tell your man. That's the trouble with these chicks
Next experiment:
Twelve strands from double helix
No I haven't seen Kes, Neelix
"Oh yeah?
Why don't you stay away from her with those lyrics"
Please
Ain't nobody fucking after her
I'm out of here as soon as I fix the flux capacitor
And OH, and speak to V in a proper manner
Before he stabs you and put out all types of propaganda
Stop the slander
Chop the hand of a thief
And cut the mouth off of who ever come out they teeth
V sell time to an inmate
And then tell him a rhyme for the hell of it to demonstrate
They know who's the renown beat critic
And do a street lyric like, "That's a neat trick!"
Off on a tangent
They ain't got a cent
Supposed to went to management, and spent it getting bent
Sparky, I had enough of your malarkey
For one, don't mark me and who you calling Darkie?
I had to take the nigga car key!


"All Caps"

So nasty that it's probably somewhat of a travesty having me
Daily told the people "You can call me Your Majesty!"
Keep your battery charged
You know it won't stick, yo
And it's not his fault you kick slow
Should've let your trick 'ho chick hold your sick glow
Plus nobody couldn't do nothin' once he let the brick go
And you know I know that's a bunch of snow
The beat is so butter
Peep the slow cutter
As he utter the calm flow (Your mother)
Don't talk about my moms, yo
Sometimes he rhyme quick, sometimes he rhyme slow
Or vice versa
Whip up a slice of nice verse pie
Hit it on the first try
Villain: the worst guy
Spot hot tracks like spot a pair of fat asses
Shots of the scotch from out of square shot glasses
And he won't stop 'til he got the masses
And show 'em what they know not through flows of hot molasses
Do it like the robot to headspin to boogaloo
Took a few minutes to convince the average bug-a-boo
It's ugly, like look at you
It's a damn shame
Just remember ALL CAPS when you spell the man name
And you know it like a poet, like baby doll
I bet she tried to say she gave me her all, she played ball
All bets off!
The Villain got the dice rigged
And they say he accosted the man with the sliced wig
Allegedly; the investigation is still ongoing
In this pesky nation he gots the best con flowin'
The pot doubles
Now they really got troubles
Madman never go (pop!)
Like snot bubbles


"America's Most Blunted"
(feat. Lord Quas)

Come out to show them
Like, open the bruise up and let some of the bruise blood come out to show them
Come out to show them, come out to show them, come out to show them
Come out to show them, come out to show them, come out to show them...
Listening to music while stoned is a whole new world
Most cannabis consumers report it second only to sex
And grass will change your musical habits, for the better"
Bad weed right there
To' up man
"America's most blunted!"
"Soon as he start sleepin', catchin' you off guard"
"Me rhythm now, huh?"
"If you'll all gather close around the phonograph"
"Who those motherfuckers comin' in here?
No! It can't be!
"YO!"
Where Quas at?
Yo!
DOOM, you got the trees?
"America's most blunted!"
Quas, when he really hit star mode
Never will he boost loose Phillies with the bar-code
Or take a whole carload on a wasted trip
Or sit White Owl laced tip from tip with yip
Some rather baggies others like their cracks in vials
Catch a tag, roll a bag of schwag in a Black & Mild
He twist Optimo, just the raw leaf part
The list top go: bust before beef start
At the Stop-n-Go Mart, actin like a spirit host done it
-"America's most blunted!"-
Yeah, yo
DOOM nominated for the best rolled L's
And they wondered how he dealt with stress so well
Wild guess? You could say he stay sedated
Some say buddha-ed, some say faded
Someday pray that he will grow a farm barn full
Recent research show it's not so darn harmful (true)
Sometimes you might need to detox
It can help you with your rhyme flow and your beat-box
Off spite to your surprise
Turn a Newport Light to a joint right before your eyes
Tear a page out the good book, hear it how you want it
"America's most blunted!"
"Comin' kinda stupid from the station"
"Amazing loops, loops, loops..."
"-the universal"
"The-th-the-best, the-th-best, the-the-the, the best in your perimeter"
Yo I can't find that nigga Metal Face nowhere (oh alright)
"America's most blunted!"
DOOM! The Madvillain killing mad boom
Consume weed and drink brew 'til we perfume the room
The beat conductor smoke twenty-four/seven
Shady... you can even ask my reverend
Willie knows, how the Phillies roll, really though
I spend my last dough, to pick up the sticky gold
I spark the lah, but don't shh with speed or trees with seeds
Quasimoto crew, we get keyed
The most blunted on the map
The one astro black, in the alley, with a hoodrat
Hoodrat.. when you try to react
Shut the - up! Even your pops got smacked
Even your moms got cracked
"Meanwhile!"- While my bowl got packed
Drop X so you can have good sex (What, no)
I smoke dank so I can grow me a shank
I got the fat sack, shh- all day I hunt it
Who are we...?
"America's most blunted!"
"Comin' kinda stupid from the station"
"Amazing loops, loops, loops..."
"-the universal"
"America's most blunted!"
Creativity, it's a known fact that grass increases creativity
From eight, to eleven times. In fact, everyone finds that they're
More creative stoned, than straight
So remember:
M-A-R-I-J-U...
... A-J-U-A-N-A
Mar-i...
...juana
Mari-juana


"Angelz"
(feat. 	Ghostface Killah)

Yea, that's right
It's not a Hardy Boy mystery neither
This is real shit
This shit come on right after Hart to Hart y'all
No doubt, 7 o'clock Fantasy Island
This episode is "Death to a Brooklyn Man"
This is Tony's Angels
It was three white bitches who worked for Tony Starks
Undercover agents, far beyond narc's
Amazed by they beauty marks
Wonder Woman bracelets, knee-high boots that was made Clarks
My dick got hard, at how they spoke and shit
Every language was music to the kid as if..
I was modern day King Midas
Doreen, Skye and Kelly, Starky's Angel's- Shaolin's finest
Though it happened in the streets of Brooklyn
Plus I played the whip real low cause my face was rooklin
My Angels jetted out of Albee Square
Gun out, wrap in their hair, kinda crowded so they clap in the air
Chased a nigga down block for blocks
Squeezing glocks, these mommies real anxious to blow off his top
He's a rapist, murderer, convict, burglar
The more they ran the more they skirts got dirtier
Sending shots like check day, Fed Ex expressway
BOOM BOW BING! You heard the gunplay
"Who shot that duck out the window" Mr. Lee said
"Three pay now, you fucking weed head"
We can stop the finest suspect, he's dead
Then I pulled up "Come on girls to Club Med"
Stay tuned, the Villain Three's Company
Don't sleep, Part One
Two brown sisters assisted the Villain, DOOM
He woked up, stoked like they was still in the room
Freed his right arm and leg, it was more like a sweep
Release his other leg, arm, head and rose to his feet
Staggering except for the socks and mask, naked
Threw on the boxers, searching for the trio
and checking for the keys Stacked, a robbery expected yet
Nothing obvious is missing
Recollected now why Hollywood hotties stepped into Giuseppe's
And naughty personnel nurses, Chanel purses, CLK shottie
Chased the trees with Thai iced teas
She drive while nice to veggie fried rice spicy
Told them both, "I don't feel so well, my belly,
Spin me down Melrose, drive me to the telly.
Ya'll go 'head and get the dutches, be back copy
Feeling woozy, no Uzi, who's he see in the lobby? Ray
Peace. pizza man change a hundred, stopped and looked
"Nah" Whoops! Left the knot in her pocket book
Wasn't the juks but too careless fearless
Got to the room and fell flat out on the terrace
The question remains who bound and gagged them?
That's when they found the empty pack of black Magnum
Villains skiid a gram on the street, 50G
The part of Mr. Ropo was played by Mr T


"Anti-Matter"
(feat. Mr. Fantastik)

From Venus to Mars back to Earth
Back to the HBO satellite
It's showtime, nigga
King Geedorah on the boards (King Geedorah)
MF DOOM, and I am, Mister Fantastik
Expeditiously I be on my grizzly
Feds try to creep me somehow always miss me
Mister Fantastik put the busy in the bee
Rock from the bottom straight to the tizzy
Who is he? He need to get out more
Or either get outta here like some dang outlaw
Standing like Lurch, no herb in the record bin
Called him for a random search from curbside checkin' in
It's on nigga, on and cracking
Like Digg'em, lips be smacking
Running off at the mouth steady talkin' 'bout us
On some shit they overheard but enough is enough
Yeah, It's neither here nor there, black
Warfare in your ear, clack-clack-clack-clack-clack
What's that? You're hearing things! Tat-tat-tat-tat-tat
Be wearing your thinking hat
No matter how hard they try they can't stop us now
We got King Geedorah on the boards with that golden sound (Are you serious?) (Of course.)
They don't know how we get down when we're out out of town
(Deadly serious) (King Geedorah)
So when you see us in the streets don't be fuckin' around (Perfect)
A hundred things on the re-up, of course I'm living fat
My Mercedes outside, nigga, where yours at?
Top down on a good day, Decatur, out on Wood Way
Got cats thinking should I stay, fuck what the hood say
Niggas wanna rob me now
Bitches wanna slob me now
Hoes didn't holla last year feel sorry now
Practice jumpshot, Reggie Mill', Robert Horry now
The nigga that you with played like Atari now
Lyrically unorthodox, I flow continuous
Never on a straight path, I'm known to bend a twist
Put it down from the suburbs to the tenement
You bet against me but wanna wonder where your money went
I get the cash, take niggas out like trash
Known to stack a mean stash, they used to call me pure math
Back in the days all I did was stay paid
But as they say in the South 'bitch, gimme some head'
Excuse me, Mister, do she got a sister?
Who he not to kiss her? True, she do got a blister
Now the movie plot twists like a Twizzler
If I needed my meat burned I'd go to Sizzler
Getting paid like a biker with the best crank
Spray it like a high-ranked sniper in the West Bank
Type to just blank and don't show much pity
When I'm in the city, I always keep a dutch with me
Touch her titty 'til she ask me where the trees is at
Or tell me don't squeeze that, rats wanna tease a cat
Let the dog beg, wait up, who talking?
DOOM with the hog leg straight up New Yorkin'
No matter how hard they try they can't stop us now (That's correct)
We got King Geedorah on the boards with that golden sound (King Geedorah)
They don't know how we get down when we're out uptown (I just can't stand the guy)
So when you see us in the streets...


"A.T.H.F."
(feat. Aqua Teen Hunger Force)

Danger Doom in the hizzy!
Widdy widdy widdy widdy widdy widdy widdy we
We need food
What are you doin there?
I'm rappin
Yeah... no, no I see that - what for?
Money - if you got it umm
I wanna get some steady bitches and hoes
And some candy for my nose
Some diamond stones, to roll with my chrome and..
Hey, genius. You even know what that means?
Uh-uh - what does it mean?
Where's the keyboards, and the tambourine, and the guitar
And you know, I mean - the stuff that like, white people like
We had a piano
Somethin bad-ass, like uhh, I don't know
Like uhh, REO Speedwagon or somethin
Hell yeah!
Aiyyo, I know this dude right
Carl, he wore tight blue sweats but wasn't glued too tight
All he had upstairs was a crude light
You think that's weird? He lived next door to a food fight
Howdy Danger, much obliged for the beat God
Even though you still eat lard, by the Meatwad
Mesquite charred, speakin of which or who
Voice all squeaky like they tuned it up a pitch or two
A chunk of burned up witch's brew, get your crew
See if they can't get past the stench of the stew
It stank like a septic tank full of pig poo
He mostly only turned into a frank or a igloo
Switch your view to the brother with the fried dreads
Not to be confused with the incense selling thai heads
His name rhymes with Mike Hawk
You could call him livewire, eye sockets, Frylock
Able to shoot electricity through his eyeballs
And blast all through your single sided brick and drywall
More interesting than professional wrestling
When he's online, you can find him on Instant Pestering
What's up with your boy? He's not a soft or hot drink
Whoever don't like it could suck his straw, it's hot pink
On some junk like Gucci on a classy ho
Might splash you in the face with nuclear pistachio
Make a fast break, or that'll be the last mistake
That ass'll make is what you get for messin with Master Shake
Look out, don't block the screen son, lunge across
Tryin to watch Adult Swim, "Aqua Teen Hunger Force!"
Rock a cult hymn, sock your mean younger boss
Psht - Adult Swim, "Aqua Teen Hunger Force!"
He often wondered, should he get the logo tatted to his woody?
He could be "#1 in the hood, G!"
Easily
Shake callin, he heh
You know I wa-ahhhhhhaaaaeehh
I'd just got off the phone with somebody else and uh
That wasn't about you
That was about me being upset about something else
I shouldn't have called you but I did, cause I just
I like you so much, I'm REALLY looking forward to us working together
And just, as of now that I'm calm
And after I've apologized profusely - probably too much
I am available, call me doggie - woof!


"Back End"

Dub it off your man, don't spend that ten bucks
I did it for the advance, the back end sucks
It's better than sittin up in a crack den wit the Mac 11
Yellin at your fiends and friends to duck
There's feds at the door, oh it's just Fed Ex
I thought I heard walkie talkies, must've been them redneck
Neighbors of mine they fuckin with they CB
And we in the spot watchin COPS on TV
Blazin greens, thumpin Big's first cd
Drinkin OE, hopin pigs don't see
If they was psychic, they try to give him the electric chair
It's gettin hectic in here, and it's a election year
Keep this section clear, VIP
Shed a few tears since a knee-hi G
And got more tricks up my sleeve, cough, hick-up and sneeze
Make a emcee sick and dry heave weeze
They must be still allergic to a
Real raw rhymer with skills thats surgical
Take the day off and lay off the crazy water
It don't faze V as he lay up wit your lazy daughter..
With your lazy daughter
...Heat the bake, V came to eat your team steak
And for desert, a treat, the green cake
So much sweets it's a dream, it seem fake
These type feinds make your beat machine break
It's on the fritz, put it on the ritz
And watch what he gets, once his mits is on the glitz
A lot of rappers is soft tit, talk shit
They need to do us all a big favor, cork it
..Spit it like raw grits, get it
They better off forfeit admit it
Relaxin in your town, once the tour quit
V keep comin back with more and more hits..
More hits


"Back In The Days (Skit)"

It was back in the days when I met a brilliant student named DOOM
Hello? Anybody home?
Wow, look at that equipment
I wonder what DOOM is working on
Now I'll just rearrange a few of these circuits
What are you doing in my room?
You're even more stupid than I thought
Give me those papers
I just came by to say hello
But you'd better recheck those equations
You're off a few decimals
And that means big trouble if you use this material
Get out of here


"Bada Bing"
(feat. Aqua Teen Hunger Force)

Not a lot of bling
When he do the thing, bada boom, bada bing
From the womb to the tomb
Get that ricotta, bada bing, bada boom
DOOM, your reputation precedes you
Wail 'til you crack and see what "weed" do, you dweeb you
No pun intended, takes one to know one, well no - it's unscented
Yo son, demented when them sent it from the other time
Before everybody and they mother rhyme
What a crime - beats is the same way
Make 'em wanna hit the streets with the heat for a lame's pay
Game day, flag on the play, improper helmet
Drag on the suede from the gem drop of well spit
He didn't listen, titty kissin', the city glistened
Depending on what from what position you're sittin'
In the pissy wind, is this thing whistlin'?
Who let the spinnin', whisperin' djinn in?
The Villain again? Without a doubt
That's his name, don't play it out
Or spray it, when you say it out your mouth
Then gave him a cold shoulder for a hour
And told him take a gold shower for fakin' funk, soul power
Stocky, short and cocky
Looked like Apollo Kreig after he fought with Rocky
Rhymed in a broken Eng-a-lish slang, not cockney
Thirteen, his first queen wore hot knock knees
Had to tell her pops, yo stop cockblockin', B
Hold somethin' for your daily yay habit
Then go, bada-bing-bing-bing like ricochet rabbit
How 'bout the sicko say stab it?
There's liquor in the cabinet and a slicker for the crab pit
And Heineken, I told him much obliged friend
What I gotta spend, if I only touch her thighs then?
Why his eyes widened
He didn't know your man had a nice surprise hidin'
Took pride in ridin' in a sly wiseguy grin
Real recognize real
On the microphone or wheels of mechanized steel
Please, at least respect your ideals
How you got her walkin' along the stroll in high heels?
He said her mamma was gettin' old
God bless her poor soul, now no more drama is your role
Straight to the head
He know a lot of haters can't wait 'til he dead
Lead to gold, like a ho to a strange whack housewife
Only thing he know: it changes back though, how trife
Rules is rules, don't go there
Stay on sale like a old coat made of mohair
Keep a snotty chicken on E, the Lone Ranger
Why everybody always pickin on Danger?
And DOOM, maybe it's him
Called up my lady, told her baby it's slim
Make me up a margarita, I need to take a swim
Tell them kids remember school - if they let 'em out, cool
But get the hell from out the pool
Hey {shithead}, it's me again!
And you know what? I just heard, IT'S ALL DONE NOW!
And somehow, I guess you must have lost my number
You know what?! YOU SUCK!
YOU SUCK! YOUR MUSIC SUCKS!
AND I HATE YOUR SUCKY STUPID METAL FACE!
I hope you BURN, you're going DOWN
This is the last big mistake, you'll ever make
YOU SUCK!!! I HATE YOUR GUTS!
But, if there is another project in the future please keep me in mind
Thank you
Beef rap, could lead to getting teeth capped
Or even a wreath for ma dukes on some grief crap
I suggest you change your diet
It can lead to high blood pressure if you fry it
Or even a stroke, heart attack, heart disease
It ain't no starting back once arteries start to squeeze
Take the easy way out phony, until then
They know they wouldn't be talking that baloney in the bullpen
So disgusting, pardon self as I discuss this
They talk a wealth of shit and they ain't never seen the justice
Bust this, like a cold milk from out the toilet
Two batteries some Brillo and some foil, he'a boil it
He be better off on PC glued
And it's a feud so don't be in no TV mood
Every week it's mystery meat, seaweed stewed
(Food, we need food!)


"Ballskin"

The flow is towin, precision as a afro trim
All big letters but it isn't no acronym
Smacked the thin grin off a chin for crack smokin
DDT the first bar, leave this track back broken
Chrome grown men doin business with anglo sax and them
Lackin swing but that banjo's so relaxin
As the wax spin
Hackin axes in the wind pretend it's just a pen
See if you could pencil em in
Tense, mention men their honor fenced in
Sensed it is tends
The wheels fall off, then it's the end
Don't get keelhauled in, Villain always been
Feel real genuine ballskin
Not to call the whole crowd out, it's just a few chumps
And you know who you are like a shout out
Place em in your loud mouth and taste em like a pastry
Waste of space, face hastily, bow out gracefully
Disappear, reappear, disappear again
Villain not is "hair", he's no Afro-American
If that's the case, he be a bald-headed African
Takin all the credit and jetted, astro-travellin
Turn the man into a mannequin for Affleck-in
And bein tough actin, tinactin bluff jackin
He's wears a mask so when he dawns his face
Each and every race, could absorb the bass
In the place to be
Don't believe the hyperbole
It's like a murder spree, get sniped verbally
Beat in the head with lead pipe languages
For street cred, leave em for dead, in anguishness
The slang suggest it was the guy in the glasses
And came to help the people with they minds in they a*ses
And set trippin, get a grip like Spaulding
These walls is thin, feel genuine ballskin


"Banished"

Villain got banished
Refused out the U.S., he ain't even Spanish
Oaxacado, sock with the hole toe
Miss the mean streets of LA, a pot hole pro
The goal though in the nick of time
To kick a slicker rhyme, do your face like Nickey the Line
No, not deported
Be a little minute before things get sorted
Known to get money, never got caught kid
Escape with a soft skid, short bid
Knock on wood, dope on plastic
Rocks so hood, hope on spastic
Putting on the ritz
Put your bullshit facial recognition on fritz
I'm afraid you're sadly mistaken
Paid to spit it like a bad piece of bacon
Take the bread
Even if you gotta lay down on the ground and fake dead
Grab that, way out the habitat
Where the rabbits is at, far from the lab rats
Man's right to know
Contemplate that as these hands write to flow
It ain't done yet
He let you know some of the results come sunset
Till then pack your bowl
Jack into your crack ho with black soul coal
Tune the diamond
Just so you know it ain't some buffoon rhymin'
Hey, watch your tonsils
End up in the hospital, not responsible
Bust that gizzard
Then start to think how it ain't worth the risk - is it?
Third degree black belt flow
Whip his monkey ass till the track felt slow
Melt snow, now that's gold
Blow on 'em, make fronts, wow that's cold
Stole'ded 'em, throws them dice
Cool 'em down, set to mo' flow with ice
Like liquid nitrogen ain't no wins
Macro- to micro-thin, it's your skin
Villain strikes again
Equivalent a hundred thousand milligram Vicodin
Not for nuttin', your guess is worth more
Barefoot doin' the James on a dirt floor
Dirt poor
Like, "Don't get your shirt tore, boy"
Crown of thorns, his chain made of razorblades
Gown adorned, homemade blazer suede
Bout to retire
Set up somewhere in the sun and breathe fire
That include tipsy getting
We get it in like your Big Fat Gypsy Wedding
No more thugging
And don't think you won't get slapped kid, you're bugging
It's all love, rhyme with more dough
Remind me of the fine-wine, time-raw flow
It's like a worn-in suit
On his shoot, morning commute, torn boot
What a gnarly scene
Publicity stunt, get paid on some Charlie Sheen
Some Monsanto or barley bean
And have a meeting-up with multiple-party machine
Watch DOOM's laser
Graze you more worse than an Occam's razor
Not to interrupt
But anybody else notice time speeding up?
Make your local police worried monthly
And won't be nowhere nears your country
Grown and got no time for 'em
Lap songs, belly tunes, nylons or iPhone
Bitches do a knock-knee, slack jaw
Don't speak Afrikaans, cockney, or patois
Alhamdulillah, last off the corner
Only thing he miss is blastin' off a warner
Supervillain, smooth sicko
Why oh why did I leave that booth Klitschko?
That's not up for debate
Be straighter than straight off a big gulp of V8
If she wasn't so bent
She'd know how the camel got his nose in the tent
Please, enough's enough
Don't get snuffed with the key to the cuffs
G's on your bluffs
Keys to the cuffs
Please, enough's enough!


"Basket Case"
(feat. the cast of Harvey Birdman, Attorney at Law)

Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, we all lived through the 70's
The clothes, the music, the heartwarming but rarely amusing Ziggy cartoons
Now, later, who are we to look at these two, fine young men
And say, "You there - I sit in judgment of you!"
For being a drunken lush, and bad as hell
Read the charge and thunk, sunk in in a plush padded cell
Tempurpedic Craftmatic adjustable
Go on try to stare at it, it's not that combustible
I accidentally spilled some kerosene
And dozed off with the L lit, doped up on thorazine
Matter of fact, make mines a double
Few could see the point like a line through the Hubble
Doom hit the eye in the sky with a pie
Shrink said he thinks he believe he could fly
Spread his wings and flap like a goose
He'll show you how to do it if you help him get the straps loose
Diagnosed as shell shocked from totin toast
And still could hear the bells rock Doc, another Lodine dose
He claimed he couldn't take the racket
Faked his own escape in a eightball straight jacket
Ladies and gentlemen of the jury
This, animal, here; this ursine fellow
UNCLEAN!
He rejected society and retreated
To a cave in the woods to plot his vile - NOD!
And it isn't true that at these times
He often descends into a delusional state
Sometimes actually adopting another person's persona?
I started punchin once I saw son lungin
He had me put on punishment for eating the last Munchkin
So now they got me down here near the dungeon
Nurses all arguin' over who's to do the spongin
He requested time off for bugged behavior
And rhymed off of thug beats bumped by a neighbor
Who spoke with his fist and kept a mirror with a thumbhole
Cell twelve drumroll, ode to a gum sole
A O.G. like a captain that's retired
Rappers is space cadets yappin', be quiet
And that's an order - ship your daughters to my quarters at once
And don't sip the tap water dunce
He is the super, a stranger who talks to you
Maybe even offer tech support and walk you through
Villain, man in the mask, spit in the face
Show him where to go, inside a hand basket case
The defendant's confession!
Uhh, nothing further
Mentok commands you to procede, with your case!
Just since some people, wear a mask
Don't mean.. they.. did nothing automatically
Now wait a second!
Your Honor I'd respectfully like to have a word with you in chambers
I request an immediate dismissal, on the grounds...
On grounds that...
Your honor I...
Just as the mask, some people wear a mask
Don't mean that they did something


"Batty Boyz"

Oh shoot, get a load of that fruit
In thigh high boots, red tighty-whities and blue cat suit (Holy Homos)
Even the rats know it's tacky
"You ever see me slipping like that bitch just smack me"
Posing Chester, legs open, couldn't stand worse
All was missing was a bandana and a man purse
Crying, dying laughing till glands burst
Faster than a speeding glass, bleeding ass ran first
Fixing baby hair, messed up wavy curl
Under the cape the back of the S say baby girl
The things some people'll do for fame
It's a herb, it's a lame, It's… a god damn shame
Villain willing when them cold streets call
You can keep your hero and hold the meatballs
Worthy title, lock it with pockets on empty
He work harder than a steam engine like John Henry
Turn dirt to dollars like Don Henley
Ugly and still get hollers like Ron Jeremy
At least monetarily terribly
MCs need therapy, it's like a faris? spree
Hit him with a kryptonite brick (kryptonite)
Children come and prick his dead body with a stick
Wrote this lyric from in the bed with a chick
She had the tightest grip around the head of moi…
Bic, now can I get my pen back
Got no enemy, got no friend, black
With the Green Goblin got the batcave robbed
Bust in Batman's head bobbin', slobbin' Robbin's knob
Y'all already got your belts on the floor so
Kick them shits over here and click off the porno
Alfred come home and found them both necked
Handcuffed to each other just as he had suspected
Red and chrome batmobile, wheelin' and dealin'
Aqua mans sleeping with the fishes, for real for squealin'
Pss the lo-lo on a seal skin blazer
It's just a little graze from a razor-thin laser
Amazed at all these so-called wannabe players
Showing off they tip offs to all the free-gayers
It's like a leotard fest
How it got started is any retard's guess
Regardless, that's they choice, no hate debate
Becomes a problem when they try an attempt to go straight
And raise the monster rate in the whole population
It's starting to affect the super pimpin' occupation
Now, who's the hater, headline the newspaper
Fate of a fake you out caped crusader
Tied to the tracks, make a damn tram derail
Rap is like scam spam Nigerian e-mail
The man with no beard is more weirder than a she-male
Sucker got bagged on a Temazepam street sale
Told 'em one of ours set it up, yeah doubt
Did it like the dirty drawls
Wet 'em up and air it out


"Beef Rapp"

Beef rap
Could lead to gettin teeth capped
Or even a wreath for mom dukes on some grief crap
I suggest ya change ya diet
It can lead ta high blood pressure if ya fry it
Or even a stroke, heart attack, heart disease
It ain't no startin back once arteries start ta squeeze
Take the easy way out phony, until then
They know they wouldn't be talkin that bologna in the bullpen
So disgustin, pardon self as I discuss this
They talk a wealth of shit and they ain't never seen the justice
Bust this, like a cold milk from out the toilet
Two batteries some Brillo and some foil, he'a boil it
He be better off on PC glued
And it's a feud so don't be in no TV mood
Every week it's mystery meat, seaweed stewed (food, we need food!)
He wears a mask just to cover the raw flesh
A rather ugly brother with flows that's gorgeous
Drop dead joints hit the whips like bird shit
They need it like a hole in they head or a third tit
Her bra smell, his card say: aw hell
Barred from all bars and kicked out the Carvel'
Keep a cooker where the jar fell
And keep a cheap hooker that's off the hook like Ma Bell
Top bleeding, maybe fella took the loaded rod gears
Stop feeding babies colored sugar-coated lard squares
The odd pairs swears and God fears
Even when it's rotten, we've gotten through the hard years
I wrote this note around New Year's
Off a couple a shots and a few beers, but who cares?
Enough about me, it's about the beats
Not about the streets and who food he about ta eat
A rhymin cannibal who's dressed to kill, it's cynical
Whether is it animal, vegetable, or mineral
It's a miracle how he get so lyrical
And proceed to move the crowd like a old Negro spiritual
For a mil' do a commercial for Mello Yello
Tell 'em devil's hell no, sell y'all own Jello
We hollow krills, she swallow pills
He follow flea collar three dollar bills
And squeal for halal veal, in y'all appeal
Dig the real, it's how the big ballers deal
Twirl a L after every meal (FOOD)
What up
To all rappers shut up with ya shuttin up
And keep your shirt on, at least a button up
Yuck, is they rhymers or strippin males?
Outta work jerks since they shut down Chippendales
They chippin nails, Doom... jippin scales
Let alone the pre-orders that's counted off shippin sales
This one goes out to all my peoples skippin bail
Dippin jail, whippin tail, and sippin ale
Light the doobie til it glow like a ruby
After which they couldn't find the Villain like Scooby
He's in the lab on some old Buddha Monk shit
Overproof drunk shit, and who'da thunk it?
Punk try an ask why ours be better
It could be the iron mask or the Cosby sweater
Yes, you, who's screwed by the dude on the CD, nude! (we need food!)


"Bells Of Doom"

Who got the most whips gats an cash?
If you ask the villain, he say who gives a rats ass
Can't take it wit'choo you when you breathe ya last
In the meanin in between pass that grass
Give thanks, his rank is that of big stank dank
He often'd time drank by the river bank
An kept a silver shank, for a calm cat
Always stayed strapped for hand to arm combat
For DOOM the bell tolls
Let them fools know ain't no more room in these hell holes
It's filled up to the brim wit sold souls
Crackheads dope fiends an 40's of ol' gold
Hold up, the boldest who ever sold it
Whoever dare roll up, prepare to get folded
Like holly hobby, gosh golly gee
The back of hector hoskerish's trolly red wash me
Dag nabbit, the mask is like a chick magnet
Some'll let you stab it for a nic' of the babbit
They say he talk slick like Dick Cavett
A fiend for the mic an can't kick it like a sick habit
Give him a hero's holla
Along wit more free dough than creeflow dolla
Holy toledo how he make base on the today show
They say he wear a mask in case his face show
It's better than a stocking bird brain
Find him on the corner rockin mockingbird lane
He's a odd man grandma
And she's a bad mamma-jamma either squeeze the damn hammer
Or stop complainin, on the top he's remainin
A lot of pop sensations need more proper home trainin
The people say he's the nicest
He only wants to be left alone to his own devices
If the price is right he might sing a new smash
Then laugh an twist his Rollie Fingers moustache
Tear ya crew a new.. gash
An prepare a new batch, of his own special herb goulash
Villain, the dork who talk funny
An he'll put one in ya, so watch where you walk money
Like Semy say, do more boomers, they cure tumors
And beware of the Doomsta


"Benzie Box"
(feat. CeeLo Green)

His name's, DOOM
They wonder just who is he
But don't worry
Believe me he'll get busy
When it comes to
Poetry he's got plenty
Jump 'em in like jump rope, double dutch
Then turn on the mic with a thumb stroke, subtle touch
Cuddle clutch, is this thing on?
Like the fling with Mrs. King Kong, this spring gone?
Sing a song of slaphappy crappiness
He came to blow like it was strapped to his nappy chest
Surely I jest, the best on a wireless mic
Not an eye test, yet I di-gress
But why stress? Try and remember when
Maybe bit the tender skin-ned babysitter Gwendolyn
The type to hit and run and go tell a friend
Word to El Muerto cucaracha exoskeleton
He know, flow like interstellar wind
Tow a rap djinn by his toe into hell again
(ahem) One two, check me too
Loose wreck see through your goose-neck EQ
His name's, DOOM
They wonder just who is he
But don't worry
Believe me he'll get busy
When it comes to
Poetry he's got plenty
Ay! If I may interject
Rap these days is like a pain up in the neck
Cornier and phonier than a play fight
Take two of these and don't phone me on the late night
The beat won't fail me
With more rhymes than times he washed his hands and feet daily
And all that kerosene ain't cheap
Villain been deep since a teenage creep
Peep - he always was a gentleman
And kept the pen and a pencil in his mental den
Right there next to where the Rolodex was
Before it turned up all burnt by his solar plexus
He don't know his own strength
When he's on the bone it's like the microphone's length
And width, ain't it funky like dingy socks?
Feel the full effect off cassette in your Benzie Box
His name's, DOOM
They wonder just who is he
But don't worry
Believe me he'll get busy
When it comes to
Poetry he's got plenty


"Bistro"
(feat. M.E.D.)

Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the debut grand opening
Of Madvillain Bistro Bed and Breakfast Bar and Grill
Cafe lounge on the Water
Where we offer you the finest of the finer things
Twenty four hours a day, seven days a week
Three hundred and sixty five days a year
Live on the beats, we have the one and only Madlib
We also have King Geedorah on the mix
Yesterday's New Quintet's here, Viktor Vaughn, Quasimoto
And I'm your host, 'The Supervillain'
Just lay back and have a good time
Enjoy the music, you know what I'm sayin'
I'd like to dedicate this next joint to my mans, you know
Big Hookie and Baba from the laundromat
Bear with me 'cause this...


"Bite The Thong"
(feat. Damon Albarn)

Dudes is doin' fashion shows
JJ DOOM go pop, not so irrational
You see the cash it pull? Y'all know the M.O
Vil been killin' flows since back when "It's a Demo"
Or "Please Listen To My Demo", keep "The Crossover"
He been flippin' beats since Casio Bossa Nova
We need a chauffeur for the rover where they go 'fer
If you gotta ask, you ain't supposed to have it- oh, uh
No duh. Silver with the mocha
Make sure it's turbo, jump a river with the joker broker
Stay- about to flip
Never know what happen like a play without the script, out your lip
Get a grip on an A&R lapel
Repeatin' after meetin', everything swell - ring bells
Mid-verse, hot sip drinking
It's a optical illusion, not lip-syncing
Thinking
Who's to know?
I know
You go
We all go
(Right and wrong)
Pop
I know
You go
We all go
(Write the song
Bite the thong)
Pop
In the world but not of it
Shove it above top secret buggedness, you gotta love it- rub it
Go for the club kid. One hit wonder
Killin' it, a brilliant career move blunder
Clear blue thunder, rock 'n' roll the whole house, announce
The true hunter, knock a troll out, and bid-di-dounce
Skate... next time you see 'em
Straight jacket, Hip Hop Hall Of Fame museum
Or in a screen gem for the soundtrack
What's the meanin' of the theme? Is the clown wack?
It's all relative to how swell you live in the long run
Hell, tell a fib, get the song done
We the wrong ones, so don't even ask
It's hard enough tryna breathe up in the mask
They know the supervillain name, he stay gaming 'em
Paper front to fame
He learn from watchin' Dame 'n' them
And not blaming 'em


"Bloody Chain"
(feat. Poison Pen)

...Had this one bitty, she gave good brain
Used to come and see me in the hood on the train
One way cost a buck 50
Not a bad loss if you sure to suck her titty
At least for better or for worse
Nails was more faker than the letters on her purse
Not quite the Gucci butters
No drawers, coochie cutters
And the hoochie stuttered
"Y-y-y-y-ou got another Deski-kid?"
She listened to that rap shit
V was out of touch with
Lit it, hit it raw with no fuss
Only thing she said was
"J-J-Just pull out before you b-bust"
Lightskin from hell
V drink gin, she sipped white zinfandel
Maybe I'll make her to my baby mother
Then she had to break out to babysit her baby brother
To show her she was iller than the next chick is
He reached in the drawer and let her sport one of the necklaces
He gave her change for a token
Get at me when you get to where you going
Got a call later that night and was heart broken
My man was like "Your girl just got bodied, I'm not joking
Fucked up real bad, she ain't make it
Stuck her with a cutter, she wouldn't let him take the shit"
I'm like "My shorty got stabbed
Off the piece of shit chain I had nabbed off a crab"
Wouldn't give it up so I put one in his ab
Grabbed the bloody chain and took a cab to the lab
I knew I should've sold it to the Arab
My shorty got stabbed off the same bloody chain
...(Yeah! Yeah!) Late nite club nite Pen attract fights
Slumped in the corner click clackin dice
All my fam left they was high drunk or fuckin asked If I'm safe dolo
I'm from bed stuy its nuthin
Cuz told me to murk I wasn't listenin
My girls went to work trips & 456n em
Chain just glistenin lookin all gaudy
Plus the scratch I'm winnin got me lookin all flossy
40 after 40 stogie after stogie
Stumbled out the after hours without no homies
Forgot where I parked tried to hop in a cab
Some dude wit a mask said drop it in the bag
Now I'm not used to bein a victim
One of them club dudes had the same jeans & kicks on
That ass bettin loser this ain't right
But ain't no protocol when u shootin dice
Tried to put up a fight but I was too nice
Coordination fucked up caught one in the gut
Freaked out thought it was worse than it was
Cause all that blood dispersed from my gut
Out the infirmary just a flesh wound
But still felt funny when I tried to digest food
Back to the hood and I layed low
Runnin low on pesos need another game to enhance my payroll
This time ain't no one sleep
Had the rambo on me let my cousin hold the heat
I'm mad sober see what happened last time I got my drink on
Hold up! She got my link on?
The bow legged ho must think somethin sweet
She didn't even switch up the piece
Maybe she ain't know, think her man bought it
Then give ya man this for me, just cut her


"Bookhead"

The lust that sold the story, grodier than Mr. Crowley
For those embarrassed to know holier than thou Imoli habits
Paris to the Gobi, bring 'em up to speed slowly
On the low key, Kindles is phony D
Tastes stale - see the words in shades of grayscale
Right there in black-and-white, protected by chain mail
Today's the day made your way to see your sister’n’um
Took my little mens with her, told her loved 'em, kisseded him
These oversensitive youngins is on some new stuff
Can't sit still and focus, the time it take to do enough
From the mean streets of the "Can I get a dollar, dude?"
Above measure, the singular pleasure of solitude
It's your poison, if you so choose, absorb it
Veins to the brain, shoot off into orbit
How you know octagon?
Or much less tetragrammaton?
To get the good stuff, you gotta get out to the Amazon
With any luck, your mic could score locally
Keep it on the hush when you speakin' on it vocally
Then you gotta be on the in, a known member
I think I still owe him little somethin' since November, whatever
Who need credit when cash speak?
Get it - sweatin', sittin' on his package since last week
We all got weaknesses, even the functionin' dead
Some will end up fudgin' numbers, buggin' and lunchin' instead
Netflix in the head
Second best trick to get chicks into bed
Uh, I’ve been hit, I’ve been
Uh, I’ve been hit, I’ve been
Uh, I’ve been hit, I’ve been
Uh, I’ve been hit, I’ve been
Uh, I’ve been hit, I’ve been
Uh, I’ve been hit, I’ve been.


"Books Of War"
(feat. RZA)

It ain't nuttin like a fistfull a cash or a bliss fulla the hash
That twist like a mustache, from end to end, spread it like a rash
From talking through your walkman or at your disco bash
Gimme the timbs rumple stiltskin brown
A metal face mask with a built in frown
A mic to tilt down, a hundred thousand pounds
And see how kilt sound like spilt milk clown
Cocoa butter on very ashy day fam
With Ray-Bans out on the islands of Cayman
Or I'll break it down for the layman
Bande soule for that Saint Tropez.. tannnn
A can a ole gold too cold to hold, slow ya roll
Keep on moving like Soul II Soul, hold the dough
Like a fool who stole pity y'all
From tryna go up against city hall titty bar
The black mic is like a red violin
Ok, everybody back to the lab, try again
Bloody rap game like leviathan
Leave a bad taste, killin my high like niacin
Stop kiddin middlemen need Ritalin
Hit me with the full tin of gin and i'm a kid again
Keep the bong lightin straight through the song writin
The Supervillain AKA the thong bitin, that's inviting all
To the recitin thats dope and raw
Hoping all yall come in peace and its open bar
Tear the roof off this bumba rasclaat
By the end of the night spazz like shazbot
Spilt a shot made the pen lines runny
A ill plot that's ten times Ben Stien money... funny
How he rips the scripts with a straight face
With more rhymes than is lines in ya database
Placing rappers in endangerment, who's reckless
With this food for thought sorta like breakfast
You could mark it off as wreck on the checklist
Wear gold fronts, can't afford no necklace
Shit, that there, could go to help them daycares
Somebody say yeahh.. (yeahhh!)
Pay ya fares,... give the Herbalizers his shares
And y'all could pay DOOM in beers.. Cheers!..
I came to the shores of America disguised as a pillar
The alpha and omega and the home of the beggars, the black sellers
Who been beaten, raped, lynched, robbed and stoned
And caused to roam the earth in service cause they couldn't maintain at
Home
This dates back to 1555
When they captured the first tribe of men
And piled them in a pen
Fifty feet high
They took em all on a 9000 mile ride
And landed on the shore of a place they never seen before
But read about this inside the ancient books of war
Bonded in stainless steel, stripped of their language
Still survived the anguish of slavery but still remained nameless
Separated to portions and tricked by John Haughty Hawkins
And sold on the auction, taught birth control and abortion
Rulers of the first part became slaves of the worst part
The devils cursed God and reversed God
And turned God into dog and made people search hard
No relief came to the prophet of W.D. Feraud
To a trauma, dropped our mommas off in Bahamas and Barbados
Tobagos, separated us from slave boats
Made our own brothers hate us
From Virgin Isle to Jamaica
Trinidad, Honduras, Haiti, Grenada
Bermuda to Cayman, mental enslavement
You black gods become awaken


"Borin Convo"

The supervillain get kicked out your country
And said the Pledge of Allegiance six times monthly
He ain't hardly go to school
Been known to rock a party and do karate on a ghoul
Get your whole dome strangled
While in London town he sported a chrome Kangol
And did his best to blend in
Even till the endin', borderline pretendin'
Not quite, do it matter where you from?
Or more if you scared, prepared or mad dumb
Hold that thought
Youngins all thirsty, get the old man caught
That's a bad sport
And a tad short, another random thought
Show your support for the troops in the street
And for a treat he put a scoop of poop in the beat
That'll get it loopin' complete
So when she do the hula-hoop she spin it with her teeth
Ball, beat 'em all, that's the daily affirmation
Like every day the same songs play at the radio station
They need to change they compilation
Before he stomp the place in, causing complication
Watch what comes pouring out your face skin
Place it in the waste bin, boring conversation
"What do you guys do? What do you do?"
"Collect taxes"
"Collect taxis?"
"Yeah"
"What do you mean?"
"...A tax collector"
Wussy, the style is steel clad
Y'all need to practice like you need some pussy real bad
And that's the most he could emphasize
Never tell a lie, and when he boast, his temperature rise
Keep it on the humble
Speak it on the mumble, creep, dive and tumble
Back on his feet, foes tremble and crumble
Send your best wide receiver, incomplete-fumble
The whole team rumble
Remember it's just a game, keep your helmet on, numbskull!
Things could get uncomfortable and sticky
That's why he wear the metal mask, kick me
I must be dreamin' in the daytime
Company schemin', I think I see them by the layline
Near the fauna wouldn't wanna be him, he's a goner
Laid out in the gutter, see him on your corner, foreigner
"Excuse me? Can we interrupt you for two minutes? What are you doing?"


"Bout The Shoes"
(feat. Boston Fielder)

Third eye mascara running
Into the truth
Keep an ear pressed to the ground
So you hear those marching blues
(Window to the sole)
Over hills buffalo dance
Click to clack in one high heel shoe
But of course
You love it You love it
And you love it oh
And you love it
Love it
Oh
Dogs screaming babies are barking
And bulletproof
Lines wrapped around the block and I'm
Pressed up 'gainst you (Window to the sole)
Smash the glass I'm double parking
Laced with MJ's shoese
But of course
You love it You love it
And you love it oh
And you love it
Love it
Oh
Need a foot to earn an inch
When it was tied to you
Am I tripping?
Leaving footprints
When they're two for the price of one
A man's worth is given birth in his shoes
Shoes
Strap 'em up and leather's bound
Puss in boots pass it around
Crack the plastic feel the spike
Come in any color you like
Chopped and screwed rubber's worn
On the sweat farm
Politicize hypocrisy
But of course
You love it You love it
And you love it oh
And you love it
Love it
Oh


"Bumpy's Message"
(feat. Bumpy Knuckles (aka Freddie Foxxx))

Yo what's up Doom, it's Bumpy Knuckles
Just calling to say that I'm proud of the work you been doing dog
You know this whole album and all that that you've been working on my dude
It's like, it's like a long time coming man for people to get a chance to
Look into the mind of a villain, you know like somebody who really has
A serious outlook on their craft, you know there's a lot of clowns out here
With you know, painted faces and when they take the paint off
It's just a clown with no paint on their face
So please understand my dude I'm watching you man and I see what you doing
It's the OG man Bumpy Knuckles straight fly, aight?
My motto for 2009 is fuck everybody, aight?
So when you go on stage and you put your middle finger up to the crowd
Ask them to put it back up
And when they show respect to the villain they should say fuck everybody
Cause that's what everybody's gonna say when they have to show respect for you
Ahh fuck him, fuck him that's the dinkest shit in the world if they write this
Well fuck you
Cause everybody wanna be what you are
You nah'mean? They can't find
Themselves
Aight, stay focused my dude I appreciate your work
Aight? Soon come: Bumpy Knuckles, MF Doom— soon come
Peace


"Caskets"
(with Bishop Nehru)

Young blood, he's smart and he's tough
But he's got a lot to learn about survival
And the man he's gonna learn from is...
Doom!
Uh, lay in the cut like a puma on the prowl
The right time to get 'em is now, clow
That's the end of that, beginning of a never-ending saga
Of how he gets it in like Kamagra
Cheers here's a lager, yours is O'Doul's
These are from the untold rules of the old school
It's like a woolah what it do to one's medulla oblongata
Revenge of Montezuma on a blotter
(Yo, this track's off the rack DOOM)
It's that clack clack boom
Like what's contained in a square centimeter of the vacuum
When lava rock cool who play the block fool
Villain get paid laid back like chacmool
Enough to make Pac drool wherever he at
Invest wealth, impress self check ace stat
Damn mask gets stickier than crack sweat
In the corner pocket that's gained some aspect
(Casket) and yet still blow like gasket
Many ass out, no clout, no smash hit
And that's it, plan B, let the tools spark
Plan A's a shoe-in, straight shootin' like a pool shark
Rack 'em up, just don't quit your old job
Small trolls whose type slob on poll blog
You know you done fucked up now, like O-Dog the menace
It's all love, play tennis
The mic is the shotty, forget about the flack vest
They hustle is backwards, whack - it's tactless
That don't count, chickens before they hatch in the basket
Body beats, closed casket
Bishop!
I'm moving with the all black tactic
Black kicks, black jeans, black jacket matchin'
I'm pulling 21s like I'm using black magic
And they thinking that I am because the quality's fantastic
They told me I should focus on scholastics
And others told me focus on elastic
I'm using both of those as a tactic
As I mix it with my passion for the rappin'
To think I could have been trappin'
I'm happy I wasn't trapped in
The loop de loop and shootin'
I'm moving through the mind pollution, tryna find solution
But I'm only closer to dilution
The illusions are leading me to delusion
I'm sick of being confused and I don't have much of a fuse
So I lack getting amused, feeling actively abused
More days of the blues, I'm waiting on the clues
Alone as I cruise through life and all its waters
Must have hit some ice-bergs because its feeling like torture
It's H-O-R-S-E, I'm Jordan, in '96
I'm sinking everything man, still I'm playing for the chips
So basically, I'm saying I'm sinking my own ship
You can think what you want cause your thoughts ain't important
I'm feeling blanker than a CD ROM
And all I ever wanted was for them to see these rhymes
They telling me be patient, I ain't got the time
Cause I'm seeing trash rappers getting over night shine
While I'm still behind, and they ask why I whine
Is it because I'm living off the thoughts in my mind
Or is it I'm just livid because nobody is complying
I see that I'm inspiring the moves of these sirens
But how could I be vibrant?
Only thing I'm close to is violence
So hurry up and cue all the violins
Looking from a vile lens
Ever since the girl I was eyeing for prom
Ain't wanna tag along, it's something that I long
But I understand the order though
Life's like a big playbook full of audibles
You never know the working play until you go toss a few
Packing rappers in caskets your boy Nehru
So the first thing you're gonna have to do
If you decide that you're going to be
Someone who thrives in times of hardship
And there are always those who thrive in times of hardship, aren't there?
There are those who survive epidemics
There are those who thrive in hard times
In other words, we want you to step back far enough
You know how when you're in your airplane
And you're looking across the landscape
High in the sky, 500 miles an hour, 50 thousand feet in the sky
And you look down, and it all looks pretty calm
Down there, doesn't it
Put it on the ground at that speed, not so calm
We're encouraging you to take flight
We're encouraging you to ba- ba- back up from it
Get a longer view and understand it
It is not possible for things to get worse in a universe that is expanding
But, this is something that you may begin to notice
As contrast exists, and it always will
And as everything is expanding, including contrast
As contrast becomes more, then asking becomes more
And when asking becomes more, and resistance stays strong
Then more people beat themselves up by not going with the flow
That's all you're seeing right now
But when you, as an individual, who can't control what the others do
Let loose of your own resistance and go with the flow
Then you become one who experiences immediate thriving
Now this is the part about something you're going to have to learn to do during this interim
It's just a few months
You have to decide that you don't care what others think of you


"Cellz"

DOOM from the realm of Al-Qayyum. Smelly gel fume
Separating cell womb to Mele Mel, boom!
Revelations in braille, respiration, inhale
View nations fail, shaking of a snake tail
Make due, blazing swords, traze the haze, praise the Lord
Saving grace. Lace your broad, she say she bored
A crazy straw, ink and stale-dried paraffin
Candy corn crap rappers pale by comparison
A bad Samaritan averagin above average men
Rancid rants havin' ramblin', savages scavagin'
For scraps, perhaps road kill, if that
Gift of gab and he flow ill, chrome stiff hat
Known for writin' lightnin' tight lines
Chiefin beefin' bein' off deep ends, divine bright shines even
Dimes quiet as minds by design, mighty fine
Slight rewind, tightly bind, blind lead blind
Need minds now, that was this is then
Listenin' to sizzlin' officialtons whisperin' him again
Metal Face spinster playin' with the dirty money
Sinister, don't know what he sayin' but the words be funny
Major vets spaded through the vest with a bayonet
Save your breath, gave a F, pay your debt, they forget
Make 'em sweat bullets, crime pays no benefits
Then it gets wilder with more childish degenerates
Yodel at your uncle flows, my motorcycle trunk fulls
from 2, 1 to 1, loose crumbs to chunks in bundles
Hands down, better than what your mans used to get
Standin' around for where the translucent lucid spit
Missin wheel, you don't listen, you a feel head
Sittin' in the kitchen, pissin', twitchin', kissin' steel lead
Crime pays no dental nor medical
Unless you catch retirement, county, state or federal
Ya heard like roaring waters in a seashell
If a tree fell, ya couldn't tell from 3 cell
Be real careful, they tellin' by the earful
Kids doin' skid bids, acting out is terrible
Word is bond, fix your clothes, put a shirt on
Pants saggin' back when used to meant you had a skirt on
Squirts posin' as thuggers and hustlers
Al-itu closer than y'alls ball huggers and jugglers
MOTHAFUCKAS


"Change The Beat"

A modern day marvel but terrible, better horrible
When he grab the mic from son he crushed up all his metacarpals
He said he ain't mean it, totally by accident
After the show, he didn't follow where y'all taxi went
Will this be available on wax? Ask Max Mill
They on the opposition to his ass wack tax bill
But will it pass the senate? Slum lord tenant
And super like 1-A, have a fun stay
One day, he plan to put in a runway
With enough land for his own projects and gun play
Section 8 penthouse, maid look like Faye Dunaway
Alotta y'all ass out like gay runaways
It's how they say "semi-risque"
All day everyday, give out Emmy's the quick way
Have the average MC say, "Gimme a sick day!"
They really ain't got shit to say like Timmy McVeigh
Get a hunch, a real rag tag bunch
In school, he kept a doo-rag in his bag lunch
Just to eat heads on some breakdance shit and spit
He writ this skit in Sanskrit
If the pants fit, sport 'em but rock 'em low
Your man like Rollo on the slow, can't knock it though
It's like the same hustle bro, two knuckles glow
Tucked in Le Tigre, just let the name buckle show
Good googly moogly, see that loogie?
Yeah, but keep it on the D.L. Hughley
You don't watch her, he might house her [Howser] like Doogie
Just to cut her loosie like *swoosh* Mitsurugi
Gooey gum drops, who he got his style from?
His pops, you gotta give the bum some props
Ask ya sister, her beat box is more thicker
Doom, that nigga detox with malt liquor
Villain for hire, admire the sound
Make sure The Price Is Right before he come on down!
Rappers be on some, "You you you!"
Forgot who they talking too, too much pork stew
They need to not come out with nothing new
Blew the whole shit up on some, "What this button do?"
Doom cheat the game like walk-thru
Run 'em, son 'em like Mr. Rourke do Tattoo
The way alotta clowns get down is unnatural
This flow flip like oranges, apples
Rhymes like limes to a Lemonade Snapple
Leave her at the chapel, don't eat scrapple
First thing they notice when they come to is they bling is gone
Then they start remembering the Klingon with the rings on
In came the Villain with their own gear like, "Hi, there
Y'all play the rear, this whole year MY year"
Metal face beard like Brillo pad
Y'all know his steelo so don't feel so bad
Seed call him, "Ol' dad," the one the ol' ho had
Knew he was a winner since a swimmer in the gonads
Okay pal, pay him like Paypal
So we could be A-OK not OK Corral
I think today I'll make the ladies say, "Ow"
And maybe fuck around take a bow, now
Who made his first mill and still carry razor blades
Used to be straight A's and still made the grade
Retarded ass, how he get cash so fast
Year after last, left back in the retarded class
Shoulda went to Boces
Watch him all closely, who he think he supposed to be
Villain who always win, at least he stay consistent
Find out where that bitch went, get a room pitch a tent
Yo yo, Max, yo change the beat yo
You got another one... nah yo


"Coming For You"
(with Bishop Nehru)

Uh yeah yeah...
I said Emperor Nehru, we're coming for you
Yeah Emperor Nehru, we're coming for you
I said Emperor Nehru, we're coming for you
Yeah Emperor Nehru, we're coming for you
Not from a golden state but still a self-proclaimed warrior
Waiting for more euphoria, glory and all sorts of fun
Getting done more work than most ever do
My passion it pulls me through, so spitting writtens is food
That means it's easy to do, so while it may bring a smile to you
Don't be surprised if you see me try different routes
Without leaving my roots, I'll always see the booth
And always be the truth, so don't believe in the spoofs
Cause soon they'll be gone, no denying it
Replying with dope tracks and know I've been supplying this
"Your highness" is what I'm aiming for, Mr. Emperor
Spitting wicked words but remember the tongue is a sword
Uh, I swear to God I'm getting bored
So just wait and see what I have in store, it's the Emperor
Nehru
Sick and tired of being fooled
Living my life through your rules
I can't be a mule, I was born as a jewel
So watch what I'ma do, watch what I'ma do
I said Emperor Nehru, we're coming for you
Yeah Emperor Nehru, we're coming for you
I said Emperor Nehru, we're coming for you
Yeah Emperor Nehru, we're coming for you
It's the underrated, underpaid but still most amazin'
Teenager making music since the cavemen
Feeling caved-in, my vision is getting tainted
Still awaiting the fan base I'm chasing
And to Phil Banks it, you judge me
You can leave me be immediately
I need mine seriously
At least until I get a name and then I can hang
But until then I'm saving a refrain
From cliques like a white-out, know I'm 'bout
To take off, no DeLorean
It's back to the future and there's no more ignoring him
Bishop here to make you hiccup and your heart skip a beat
He’s too deep, like steep drops, so he got a long way to go
But the motion ain't slow, so know he bound to blow
Like lighters at the gas station
I never pumped on the regular, is that why y'all hating?
Nathan
(Watch what I'ma do, watch what I'ma do)
I said Emperor Nehru, we're coming for you
Yeah Emperor Nehru, we're coming for you
I said Emperor Nehru, we're coming for you
Yeah Emperor Nehru, we're coming for you
Sick and tired of being fooled
Living my life through your rules
I can't be a mule, I was born as a jewel
So watch what I'ma do, watch what I'ma do
I said Emperor Nehru, we're coming for you
Yeah Emperor Nehru, we're coming for you
I said Emperor Nehru, we're coming for you
Yeah Emperor Nehru, we're coming for you


"Crosshairs"
(feat. Brak, Thundercleese)

The fat is in the fire, a fryer made of chicken wire
Gettin' sick and tired of a friggin' liar
Pelican, with some very soft mangoes
A closet full of skeletons and terry cloth Kangols
Flew the coop, before you hit it let me warn you
She did a cool hula-hoop, but don't get any on you
It's all a big scam, to make y'all eat pig ham
When he's on the mic he's like the triggerman, FIGJAM
DOOM, not to be confused with nobody
Especially, since the flows he used was so nutty
Never too woozy to go study, crews got no clues
Like old cruddy Officer McGillicuddy
Watch your six, he got a lot of more tricks
Lyrics, bricks, on sticks sure got raw-nytics
It's a gift, don't get shot for kicks
With the same slick used to plot Sig Figs with
Spotted at a chick flick, holdin' hands
The other one on his swollen glands, a golden chance
That's why he kept them holes in his pants
Rollin' in a old van, is what he told his stolen fans
Is that you? True. Matched from hat to shoe
Snafu, snatch any brew, LaBatt's Blue
Black jew like that's new, patch me through
No latch attached, skat shoo, catch twenty-two
Super, he's loaded dice nice
And overpriced, an arm and a leg; owe 'em your life or your ice
Villain, nag a grieving old hag
Snag a bragger by his mic cord and leave him holding the bag
Come clean, a bunch of dumb mean cream puffs
A keen drum machine buff, who fiends for more green stuff
Instead of starvin' there be problems by the goo gobs
Aight - somebody's robbin' Lou Dobbs and them tonight
And he's on the next flight, moonbound
And makes it a point to stay away from the goon pound
Got some peers, that's gone in the lost years
Tears and cheers, born in the crosshairs
Hey Mr. Thundercleese!
What's that you were singing?
It is the Robotic Hymn of Doom
Well I always say
Nuttin livens up a Robotic Hymn of Doom
Better than AN AMAZING PAIR OF JUGS!


"Curls"

Villain get the money like curls
They just tryin' to get a nut like squirrels in his mad world
Land of milk and honey with the swirls
Where reckless naked girls get necklaces of pearls
Compliments of the town jeweler
Left back now-schooler tryin' to sound cooler
On the microphone known as the crown ruler
Never lied to ma when we said we found the moolah
Five-hundred somethin' dollars layin' right there in the street
Huh, now let's try and get somethin' to eat
Then he turned four and started flowin' to the poor
That's about when he first started going raw
Kept the 'dro in the drawer
A rhymin' klepto who couldn't go up in the store no more
His life is like a folklore legend
Why you so stiff, you need to smoke more, bredren
Instead of trying to riff with the broke war veteran
Spliff made him swore he saw heaven he was seven
Yup, you know it, growin' up too fast
Showin' up to class with Moet in a flask
He ask the teacher if he leave will he pass
His girl is home alone he tryin' to get the
If you want a sip get a paper water fountain glass
How I'm 'posed to know where your mouth been last
Hands so fast he can out-spin the Flash
Known to smoke a whole mountain of hash to the ash
Boom-bash leave the room with the stash
Assume it's in a smash, DOOM get the cash


"Darkness (HBU)"
(with Bishop Nehru)

Cruel world, all I'm seeing is darkness
Cruel, cruel world, all I'm seeing is darkness
Cruel world, all I'm seeing is darkness
Cruel, cruel world, all I'm seeing is darkness
Cruel world, all I'm seeing is darkness
Cruel, cruel world, all I'm seeing is darkness
How 'bout you? How 'bout you? I'm seeing things clear now, how 'bout you?
How 'bout you? How 'bout you? I'm seeing things clear now, how 'bout you?
How 'bout you? How 'bout you? I'm finally seeing things from a clear-eyed view
How 'bout you? How 'bout you? I'm seeing things clear now, how 'bout you?
This life is like a mystery, look how the world's sent to me
Today I'm in the industry, next I'm ended--history
Physically won't allow it, my mental is not a coward
Still thoughts are devoured worried 'bout if now's the hour
Getting showered in this bad news, bombings and capped schools
Need capsules for my brain's strain that's the pads route
I express this stress that infests my chest, it's best
The next step is a rope as necklace
That's suicide aside, I got pride in mind
And a pretty bright future, guess it's time to grind
My shine getting impressive, though I'm still selective
With who I let give me hard times and who I let live
This world is full of mischief, and bodies trying slick tricks
Moving thick bricks is not the only way to get rich
You gotta learn to think or you'll fail
Then there goes another statistic dead or in jail
Let's prevail
How 'bout you? How 'bout you? I'm seeing things clear now, how 'bout you?
How 'bout you? How 'bout you? I'm seeing things clear now, how 'bout you?
How 'bout you? How 'bout you? I'm finally seeing things from a clear-eyed view
How 'bout you? How 'bout you? I'm seeing things clear now, how 'bout you?
Cruel world, all I'm seeing is darkness
Cruel, cruel world, all I'm seeing is darkness
Cruel world, all I'm seeing is darkness
Cruel, cruel world, all I'm seeing is darkness
Cruel world, all I'm seeing is darkness
Cruel, cruel world, all I'm seeing is darkness
Simply an old soul, villain 'illin' killin' with these flows
Know I can blow impose and you're gonna get disposed
Exposed those who pose, living hopeless no hope
For those jokes, still I try to hold they nose so
Sorrow won't drown him, crowds will never clown him
A lot of these laws open jaws when you're brown-skin
A cap to your chest, in your complex cause honest
Your conscious said the guy following you has lost it
Your aunt just got 20 years it ain't fair
Cause she pulled a gun out but she shot it in the air
Let's prepare for all sorts of courses life offers
Think before you walk this land of cold forces
They want us on porches, they want us to forfeit
Luckily we ignored it and still found of all this
Wonderful life and light too
I got a clear view, but how about you?
How 'bout you? How 'bout you? I'm seeing things clear now, how 'bout you?
How 'bout you? How 'bout you? I'm seeing things clear now, how 'bout you?
How 'bout you? How 'bout you? I'm finally seeing things from a clear-eyed view
How 'bout you? How 'bout you? I'm seeing things clear now, how 'bout you?
Cruel world, all I'm seeing is darkness
Cruel, cruel world, all I'm seeing is darkness
Cruel world, all I'm seeing is darkness
Cruel, cruel world, all I'm seeing is darkness
Cruel world, all I'm seeing is darkness
Cruel, cruel world, all I'm seeing is darkness


"Dawg Friendly"
(feat. Jneiro Jarel)

Ayo D what the dealy? You know me
Dropping all these beats to slap these cats silly
Feeling 90% of these dudes? Not really
So many wack cats that I'm more dawg friendly
So instead of complaining I put myself back into gaming
Cos half of my entertainment is better than your laming
And I say that with no shame man, no qualms at all
I'm walking through these hallowed halls
These students ain't in class at all
Talking with the smartest little dude, better knock it off
Yes I'm like a growling dog on a rusty chain
Bout to go in on you kitty kittys
In the middle of the gritty city
Ain't nothin' ain't nothin' friendly
Drop you off so lame New Guinea
Pretend it never happened while you eatin' fruit listening to 90s Luchini
Chilling with this fly chick who looks great in her olive bikini
007 scenery, D-A-W-G agent
Just in case you wondering where the strays went
Dawg Friendly
Yep, Dawg Friendly
Yo stop holding back, give that dog a bone
If you ain't got no scraps, leave that dog alone
Like my man DMX, don't get at me dawg
If you ain't cutting cheques, then you don't got songs
Keeping it strictly biz, also for the love
But if you ain't got no kid's, then you don't get my struggle
Gotta keep me under muzzle been silenced since 3-piece puzzle not really yo
I've been shaping your minds and dropping that knowledge with Willie
Shout out to G-A-P-A, especially Atlanta and Philly
Yeah that's that Georgia VA yeah that's that Georgia player
We got the peoples on the chain tryna tilt that way up
You see the people when I freeze all the time where they are


"Dead Bent"

Goddamn it
Super motherfucking villain goddamn it
About to get these millions, stacks and shit
Yo, his dip tried to tell him
Ooh, you're like the sun
Chasing all of the rain away
When you come around, you bring brighter days
She told him
You're the perfect one
For me and you forever will be
He told her
I will rock this microphone... always!
I hold the mic, like niggas hold their girls tight
But I ain't after her, probably your Acura pearl white
The hooker? Nah, as many times as I done hit it
To be specific more times than dimes in a briz-nick
When you broke North, I crashed the barbecue like Riddick
At the Garden, true, that's the God in me, pardon you
Jeepers! I was tore back, the ho gained access to my beeper
Called back my secretary gatekeeper
Like I ain't peep her, I said, "Darling you was stupid though
You know the Super Villain, (He is a super) ho"
I had this style ever since I was a child
I got this other style I ain't flip in a while, it goes
Pure scientific intelligence, with one point of relevance
Emcees whose styles need Velamints
And once the smoke clear, tell 'em it's
The Super motherfucking Villain, nigga came through raw like the elements
On 99 plus one of them
And with a flow to pull a fraud nigga file from out in front of him
When we with y'all, we had tons of fun
Me and my duns and them
Actual true and living sons of them
Dead planets and God-U's
Throwing divine rules to come through, we will over charge you's
Fool, and won't feel remorse for shit
Except for one time, once I had took my fronts out and lost them shits
Scientific going berserk like Red Alert
I really went to pick up wiznork for cheddar dirt
To fund these experiments is where I went
Obviously dead bent, and spent every red cent
To rule you, and still drop more jewels than schools do
Or even TV news that's designed to fool you (who?)
Yeah you, who hear the most grimy suggestions
From brothers with fly names and I.D. questions
That's a Secret like Victoria teddy sets that's edible
Them's not ready yet for the incredible
Team of MC's who broke all fakes
Who thought they were slaughter proof
Stomping through like North Face waterproof
Tat-tat, that's the end of that
After hit the bar where baby girl bartender at
I told her more wine, mingling with no single mentions of
Stay tuned for more spine tingling adventures of...


"Deep Fried Frenz"

Before we go any further
Friends
As you call 'em, they call you when they need something
Trees for the blunt, the g's for the front
I found a way to get peace of mind for years
And left the hell alone: Turn a deaf ear to the cellular phone
Send me a letter, or better, we could see each other in real life
Just so you could feel me like a steel knife
At least so you could see the white of they eyes
Bright with surprise, once they finish spitting lies
Asssociates, is your boys, your girls, bitches, niggas, homies
Close, but really don't know me
Mom, dad, comrade, peeps, brothers, sisters, duns, dunnies
Some come around when they need some money
Others make us laugh like the Sunday funnies
Fam be around whether you paid or bummy
You could either ignore this advice, or take it from me
Be too nice and people take you for a dummy
So nowadays he ain't so friendly
Actually he woulda even made a worthy enemy
Read the signs: "No feeding the baboon"
Seein' as how they got ya back bleeding from the stab wounds
Y'all know the dance, they smile in ya face, y'all know the glance
Try to put 'em on, they blow the chance
Never let your so-called mans know your plans
(How many of us have them?) A show of hands
(Friends) is a term some people use loosely
I'm real choosy on what I choose to let crews see
You telling me; I try to act broke
Jealousy the number one killer among black folk
Fellas be under some type of spell like crack smoke
Ghetto Cinderellas, lead 'em right to your stack, loc
Just another way a chick'll lead to your end
I check the dictionary for the meaning of friend
It said: (Friend): Person, one who likes to socialize with
Sympathiser, helper... and that's about the size of it
Most of the time these attributes is one-sided
To bolster the crime, they're apt to shoot you through your eyelid
And they can't hide it, going wild like a white bitch
Sometimes ya need to cut niggas off like a light switch
(Click!) and when things get quiet
Catch 'em like a thief in the night, what a riot
I first met Mr. Fantastik at a arms deal
Don't let it get drastic, think of how yer moms'll feel
When it get for real, steel get to sparkin'
Everything darken, and ain't no talkin'
For somethin so cheap it sure buys a lot of trouble
Ya better off focusing than tryin to plot to bubble
Or else it'd be a sad note to end on, the guns we got is
(One's we can depend on...Friends)
Some come in the form of codependence
A lot of times only end up being codefendants
Ten bucks say they tell for a lower sentence
And leave you up under the jail, begging for a penance
It don't make no sense, what happened to the loyalty?
Honor amongst crooks, trust amongst royalty
I'd rather go out in a blaze, than give 'em the glory
(How many of us have-) a similar story
(Friends) before lovers, we used to have some type of over-standing
Just so when I let her get the man thing, she know its no strings
We could do the damn thing, but ho its no rings
Just how the tramp swings, will she see 'em again?
That depends on how good was the skins
And could she memorize the lessons
It ain't no need to pretend
Even though she let 'em stab it, she know they're just friends
(Friends
How many of us have them?
Friends
Ones we can depend on?
Friends
How many of us have them?
Friends
Before we go any further)
Fellas! Don't be silly! I know who my friends are!
And the next nice neighborhood I move into, you guys'll get crackin'
(Negro humor always escaped me.)


"Disastrous"
(with Bishop Nehru)

Welcome back, here's more of the rawness
Flows gorgeous, and no this ain't no '94 shit
Still classic, no you won't surpass this
I keep the masses stacked while I spitting these tracks
It's pretty easy, not difficult believe me
I'd much rather be seeing a DP for these TV
Scenes I've got, or acting in a flick
Maybe macking with your chick, she skinny and she thick
Huh, pear shaped light eyes
If she come, she come I'm only chasing one prize
And that's the luxurious ends, still looking for friends
So this journey is going through spins
But I'll be fine though, the mind is like a vinyl
A little spinning and spinning and then, well, it's time to go
Reminding yourself it ain't worth the stress
Live life with an open chest and never hold regrets
Everything happen for a reason
Just try think positive, your mind is an achievement
You've been deceived and I'm here to stop it
The world's newest prodigy finally stepping off this
(Where its at)
Yeah, they call him brillo pad beard
Now on with the show, his flow is mad weird
Reporting live from the here (Where?) after
The collapse of Rome’s rafters, amongst tears, laughter
In the Agua of Minimata, more lethal
To all who bites style types right before refill
Disaster, can blow like challenger
On y'all space cadets with threats that's more violent-er
Than atrocities seen via TV
As we keep it heated like Fukushima Daiichi
Turn up the temperature, villain and the emperor
Y'all ain't ready like a Doomsday Prepper-er
We stay repping till it spread like the Black Death
And shred mics till no whack left, crack breath
Kept it like a shepherd yet leapt like a leopard for spare shines
Stray slugs graze your hairline
Mines is as hard to find as Malaysian airline crash wreck
Soon come black goo nanotech
It's miraculous, nothing short of disastrous
That's it, nothing come after this


"Doom, Are You Awake? (Skit)"

Doom, are you awake?
Yes, but what do you want?
You fool, it's a miracle that you didn't kill Costez as well as yourself. So, before you cause greater harm—
Get out of here! This is just a minor disappointment. I shall overcome it
The failure of DOOM's experiment did not end his tragedy
For a few days later, his bandages were removed
There. Aah! How horrible, that face
What have I done to myself? My face is...hideous! He made me hurry my experiment!
Now I must hide my face from all mankind. But he will pay. Oh, how he will pay!
So after his face was ruined, he just seemed to disappear
Why did DOOM threaten just to—
Well, like I said he just disappeared. I'll never forgot that day


"Doomsday"
(feat. Pebbles the Invisible Girl)

When I was led to you
I knew you were the one for me
I swear the whole world could feel you MC
I used to cop a lot but never copped no drop
Hold mics like pony tails tied in bobbalobs
Stop and stick around, come through and dig the sound
Of the fly brown 6-0 sicko psycho who throws his dick around
Bound to go three-plat, came to destroy rap
It's a intricate plot of a b-boy strapped
Femstat cats get kidnapped
Then release a statement to the press, let the rest know who did that
Metal Fist terrorists claim responsibility
Broken household name usually said in hostility
Um... what is MF? You silly
I'd like to take "Means to the End" for two milli'
"Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo!" That's a audio daily double
Rappers need to fall off just to save me the trouble, yo
Watch your own back came in and go out alone, black
Stay in the zone - turn H2O to Cognac
On Doomsday!, ever since the womb 'til I'm back where my brother went, that's what my tomb will say
Right above my government, Dumile
Either unmarked or engraved, hey, who's to say?
I wrote this one in B.C. D.C. O-section
If you don't believe me, go get bagged and check then
Cell number 17, up under the top bunk
I say this not to be mean, wish bad luck or pop junk
Pop the trunk on Cee Cipher Punk, leave him left scraped
God forbid, if there ain't no escape, blame MF tape
Definition "super-villain": a killer who love children
One who is well-skilled in destruction, as well as building
While Sidney Sheldon teaches the trife to be trifer
I'm trading science fiction with my man the live lifer
A pied piper holler a rhyme, a dollar and a dime
Do his thing, ring around the white collar crime
Get out my face, askin' 'bout my case, need toothpaste
Fresher mint, monkey-style nigga get dentadent
And dope fiends still in they teens, shook niggas turn witness
Real mens mind their own business
That's the difference between sissy-pissy rappers that's double-dutch
How come I hold the microphone double-clutch
C.O.'s make rounds, never have 'ox found
On shakedown, lock-down, wet dreams of Fox' Brown
On Doomsday!
Ever since the womb 'til I'm back where my brother went
That's what my tomb will say
Right above my government, Dumile
Either unmarked or engraved, hey, who's to say?
Doomsday
Ever since the womb 'til I'm back to the essence
Read it off the tomb
Either engraved or unmarked grave, who's to say?
Pass the mic like "Pass the peas like they used to say"
Some M-er F-ers don't like how Sally walk
I'll tell y'all fools it's hella cool how ladies from Cali talk
Never let her interfere with the Yeti ghetto slang
Nicknames of nimble and tip of nipple metal fang
Known amongst hoes for the bang-bang
Known amongst foes for flow without no talking orangutans
Only gin and Tang
Guzzled out a rusty tin can, me and this mic is like yin and yang
Clang! Crime don't pay, listen, youth
It's like me holding up the line at the kissing booth
I took her back to the truck, she was uncouth
Spittin' all out the sunroof, through her missing tooth
But then she has a sexy voice, sound like Jazzy Joyce
So I turned it up faster than a speeding knife
Strong enough to please a wife
Able to drop today's math in the 48 keys of life
Cut the crap far as rap
Touch the mic, get the same thing a Arab will do to you for stealing
What the Devil? He's on another level
It's a word! No, a name! MF - the Super-Villain!
When I was led to you
I knew you were the one for me
I swear the whole world could feel you MC


"Doper Skiller"
(feat. Kool Keith)

People came from miles around to hear Vik rock it
He learned a few new styles since a two year old pick pocket
Kra-dow! Sad how sickenin
Now get retarded like mad cow kickin in
Yik! Chris wasn't trickin
And what's in the stew if the flu was in the chicken?
We all got our vices
Some got the gall, ta call the shots off the dices
And that's Vik, brings slaughter to your section
Have ya'll emcees get a order of protection
His name rings bell said Jake
He sings well, even with his king hell headache
Hit' em with a anvil, a trigger, a scandal
If not just to get free press off the Nigga Channel
He only plays for high prices
And rates his hourly rate based on how nice he is
There's a lot of "I'll murder you" raps
With lame ass guys out of nowhere
Corny asses, I never heard of you cats
Guys like you mess up a lot of tracks
Ask your neighborhood about me
Why you rappin' act tough and grizzly
Urinate on your jacket and leave you pissy
Start jockin, get your autograph I'm missing
Defecate on your best line
Spit three verses in the cup and get busy
A wack ass comin this way
Must be cross eyed and dizzy
You don't listen enough, see me pissin enough
Leave ya yellow spots around your bed area
Defecate around your head area
Precise when I meet that ass
And greet that ass, the brain or what
Defecate on your apartment on Poinsettia
...


"Dope Skill"
(feat. Carl Kavorkian)

It's Vik
Known to kick a no joke vocal
And given a chance, yoke ya slow poke local yokel
Don't smoke krill, won't need topal
If the fluoride don't kill ya then the soap will
Dope skill, nickname Musty
All up in the popes grill with quick game and crusty
He said "Trust me, what's the dang fuss B?"
Let me hold the buggy, police can't bust me
It should only take five minutes
No jive bidness, I leave no live witness
For you? Two percent on the back
And not only that, I let you get on the track
Holla back, he still ain't call
It ain't my loss boss, ball till ya fall
So what? A low cut price and pro
V'll sell a bogus marriage liscense to a mo
Like sellin weed to a thug
Candy that baby gave me-"I need a new drug"
He knew the blue was too bug
After school he used to sip brew by the jug
Enough to piss barley
Cracker told 'em chill before ya end up like Chris Farley
He said "yes'm Mr. Charlie"
Now kindly shut the fuck up I'm tryin ta twist this Marley
Dope skill!
("You're nothing!"...)
Enough to piss barley
Cracker told 'em chill before ya end up like Chris Farley
Turn a live Saturday night to a maniac Monday
Disturb ya inner peace with this rap feng shui
Knock you out a position wit a rendition
Just a little somethin to tivo on your television
The first cat to spit a verse on star search
The only American idol ta spill a rap recital
Win a contract, then turn it down willingly
And start a bidding war that'll collapse the whole industry
Then put it out independantly
Cuz all them gifts they sendin me, just ain't bendin me
The only thing a major can give me is advice
While local cats tell me I'm just not that nice
But I don't feel bad at all after peepin their catalog
Knowin all along they always bumpin the wackest songs
Chalkin a plan with the future at hand
Being the last to stand after da band disbands
Enough to piss barley
Cracker told 'em chill before ya end up like Chris Farley
..Enough to piss barley
Cracker told 'em chill before ya end up like Chris Farley
("Damn right!"...)


"El Chupa Nibre"
(feat. Master Shake)

Adult Swim presents: Danger Doom (And what else?)
Why did you buy this album?
I don't know why you did, you're stupid
"{Fuck} yourself"
Ha ha ha ha!
The super flow with more jokes than Bazooka Joe
A mix between Superfly Snuka and a superhoe
Chew a MC like El Chupa Nibre
Digest a group and sell the poop on eBay
Danger with the vest screamin "Shoot the DJ!"
DOOM clickin over two chickens, three-way
Four in the 5, a cork on the freeway
Villain find a way to make 'em pay whatever we say
State your intentions
"I really love your tape but I hate your inventions"
Very well - what you want, a brownie?
He took off the mask and whispered "Put me where you found me"
He kept his paper digits in a chunk
Once joined a rap clique - Midgets Into Crunk
He did a solo on the oboe
Coulda sold a million then the Villain went for dolo
And cited creative differences
Basically they hated, he left no jaded witnesses
Rappers suck, when they spit I doubt 'em
The crap they sing about you wanna slap the {fuckin shit} out 'em
Psht - time waits for no man
On a blind date, a lover with a slow chrome hand
Judged him by his shoes, hot smelly Brogan
Budged him with the news, called him pot-bellied Conan
No prick barbarian
A strict beeratarian, a sick pair of Merry Men
The beat is like a swift kick in the rear end
The stiff {dick} made her lose her lipstick and hairpin
He said "Djamn! Act like you know me
Even with the mask on, show me what you owe me"
Tell her brush her grill and wash her face and {twat} homey
Dumile got her like Inuyasha got Kagome
What we have here is a failure to communicate
If you gonna hate, might at least get your rumors straight
About Doom the Great, a lot more confident
Came a long way since the days we had to rhyme for rent
It was time well spent, vented
Spelt and dented, hell-bented and heaven-scented
A wire is dead, he's in it for the cash flow
I'd like to send a big up to Firehead Lazzo
Let a brother know once you lasso Hasbro
So when he come with Destro he gets no hassle
Could hardly get a word in and
Wonderin' what the damage is to retain Harvey Birdman?
Yo uhh, Danger! It's me your old buddy Shake
Ahh, I heard you're doin a little project and uhh, y'know
I hear you talked to some OTHER PEOPLE
And I thought you were smarter than that
But obviously I am WRONG cause you know my rappin is the {shit}
I don't give it out for free though! So uhh, I'll do it
Feel free to call me, at my number, which you have


"Eye"
(feat. Stacy Epps)

Give me a little bit, a little bit
Just a little bit, or a lot
Pieces of the dream that I pick up in my mind
Is not blind, of our love
Every day when I look into your brown eyes
I get high, on our love
I, I get high, look in your, brown eyes
I get high-iiiiiiii-iiiiiii-iiiiiigh
Higher, higher, hi-igher, -igher
-igher, -i-igher, higher, you make me higher
I fly (I fly) I fly (I fly)
I fly (I fly) up high
I fly - take me there, I fly - take me there
I fly


"Fall Back / Titty Fat"

MC's fall back
Cause Vik in your ear with the whole ball of wax
Call or fax for the freshest rhyme delivery
Or takeout, for the fake-you-out ballers in the industry
Boss with the Lee jeans, bad man, you know V
They say he's a cross between Adnan Khashoggi
And Sho Kosugi, he said your chain is sure dookie
The piece is like a mystery entity, eugh, spooky
What's its worth? A gun or a knife slice
Catch a bus once or twice or run for your life price
An arm and a leg, the led is ghetto red hot
Calm 'til we fled the spot or leg arm head shot
You on the battlefield with lyrical militants
He know he's feelin' bent when he see lil' pink elephants
Never forget to memorize the elements
Keep the mic sterilized, terrorize with eloquence
And mellow eyelids, tell no lies, kids
To these guys askin' what's the shelltoe size is
Shields up dum dum, where we come from
We thump it out for fun, and that's no conundrum
Pick a bone goon, it's V with the sicker known showtunes
On a full moon, lick your own wounds
Lighten up the stratosphere, shootin'
Slugs is nameless, aim caressin' Vladimir Putin
His matted hair was too thin to cut into a gumby
Nuttin' to V, he feel his bum knee
It's about to rain, there goes my two-way
Out of range, it's a strange new day, touche
It's all good like down home cookin'
He left with the crown on his dome and kept bookin'
His men run Crooklyn
Keep 1 in 10 hons hookin', no offense, none tooken
It's more funner than lookin'
The pound of the war drum had your poor son shooken'
Sometimes he feel he need to stop juxin'
Then he say "NAH" with a real sly crook grin
Vik's style of rhyme will bug out Joe Sixpack
Slick while all the time he dug out yo' chick's back
She wore a thong in her youth
These days she's a bit long in the tooth
Just chewin' on the titty fat
Pursuin' the kitty cat, droolin' on her pretty hat
Playing pool and pitty pat, stay in school
Kiddies, brats, instead of spraying tools and shitty gats
Layin' cool, where they at?
Same jewels as silly rats rulin' with gritty stacks
Coolin' where the cliques be at
It's no time for chitty chat, fool V pity that
Follow your instincts
I told her time and time again not to swallow pink drinks
I guess it's just how the hollow link clinks
V, the fink who made the chink in the mink wink
They say he need a shrink
On the brink to pipe it when her sink made a pinky stink
Instead he asked her for some paper and some ink
Coulda flipped it longer 'cept the beat was rather rinky-dink
Still workin' out the kinks
Everytime he thinks his third eye blinks
It must be in your blood like zinc
Glassy-eyed V put your CD on jinx


"Fancy Clown"

I knew you was fucking around
Playing all innocent and hoeing since the foundation
Don't make me have to pound his tin crown face in
And risk being jammed up like traffic inbound from spacing
There's been a place for you in my heart since we first met
A teenage love that didn't feel no hurt yet
My boys warned me you was poison like BBD first cassette
And still I put all my chips on the worst bet
Gave up the skirt, now I gotta hear it from the street
How dare you drag my name in the dirt and cheat
You could've broke it off and ended it and dip
And if you spoke soft we could've still preserved the friendship
Now you apologize, that's what they all say
You wasn't sorry when you sucked him off in the hallway
But have it your way, raw, no foreplay
That's you if you want a dude who wear a mask all day
And just to think I used to be proud of you
And you had some real good power...
Probably kissed me later that evening, I should be hurling
Matter of fact, gimme back my bracelet and my Shearling
I rather waste it or give it to your girlfriend
She did let me stab it last week while you was workin'
Remember our vacation out to Maryland
I dooked the maid Carolyn, she made me throw the towel in
Like all foul men the time I hit your moms off
I told her knock it off but she had to set the rocket off
Ain't enough room in this fucking town
When you see tin head tell him be ducking down
I'm not romping around
He better be ready and prepared to be stomped in the ground


"Fastlane"
(feat. Biolante)

Only god is judge, never plea the case
Always aware of the truth we could never erase
Fallen from grace black North face
Ounce of green smoke, jack wit no chase
Peddle on the floor, thirsty for score, Fastlane
Destination: top of the cash game
Seek heat like a missle with mad aim
You can't blame
Missin spirits who campaign
A mystery at most, universal most stee is hot
Yup more often then not!
Vision clear like a Hindu with the third eye dot
We be weak...nah baby that's my word I got
Nuff rhymes, tuff times try talkin to kids
Who walk around thinkin that (God) doesn't forgive
Life in itself is like a bid
And if you scared to die then you scared to live
Ain't it a shame dealin with the remain
Hennessy on the brain, travel the plane
Will the copy cats twist the def traps
Bliss the sex raps, blind to jet black
Matters awake in response since came to life
Singin a seance, escape the realm
Bly swift like 'o' at, fake jacks a cast
Catch two smacks, gentlemen relax
Blaze trails that haven't been traveled in a while
Scatter clues for those who equate the style
Cruisin' in the Lex out the window seat
While I be trippin' off the rhyme, bop my head to the beat
I can't speak on delirious mood swings
True crowns, are handed to true kings
Tell ya take it back, straighten, money makin'
Vital sign: Awaken. Idle minds go to Satan
No debatin' on the vestle that we navigatin'
Gravitatin', schemin', leave 'em standin' waitin'
Specialize in futuristic mental picture paintin'
We are slave to sick ways, I'm quenchin' with thirst
Gift of a new day they seem like a curse
What we made, penetrate the charade
The incision is barely felt from the sharpness of the blade
Movin' motionless through this masquerade
Loomin' in the dark, but just to save a spark (Rock)
Like a match made in Heaven and Hell apart
But still one, if it's life we start
So real, reveal, sign is sealed
What we feels translates to meals
That 9-to-5 shit is no joke, muscle in
Scientist, but don't look upon my hustlin'
Will the copy cats twist the def traps
Bliss the sex raps, blind to jet black
Matters awake in response since came to life
Singin a seance, escape the realm
Bly swift like 'o' at, fake jacks a cast
Catch two smacks, gentlemen relax
Blaze trails that haven't been traveled in a while
Scatter clues for those who equate the style
"Look at them, those two space monsters. The one with the three heads is King Geedorah
And that one's Gigan. We are controlling them."


"Fazers"

Follow the light. The light is your guide
I am controller of Planet X (Three-three!)
And I've invited you here to discuss something that's very important
King Geedorah, take me to your leader
Quick to claim that he not no snake like, "Me neither"
They need to take a breather
He been rhyming longer than Sigmund the sea creature
Been on Saturday feature
Pleased to meet ya
And came to wake you up out the deep sleeper, like
He needed to stop before he caught the knee-drop
Even give you more zip-zip than ZZ Top
With full beers thou shall not ball corner
Geedorah like, "One more steps, and y'alls goners"
So-called rich, front if you wanna
When he spit electrics don't be in y'all saunas
He only here to warn us what the plan is
The hour is upon us, it's bananas
Born alone, die alone, no matter who your man is
Hope he live long enough to tell it to his grandkids
King Geedorah, three-finger ring fever
Spring chicken eater, ID'ed as the ringleader
Who needs a heater? Catch 'em with bare hands
These same hands that make razors out beer cans
His own biggest fan
And got a fan base as big as Japan
Uh, yeah? And?
All hail the king, and give him three cheers, fam!
Like "Hip, hip, hooray!"
Do his thing for the little kings like Sling Blade
To the grave, put in work like a slave
On how to flip scripts on the dipstick brigade
Rock 'em like "Sus-sussudio" played
Back when we used to rock the shag, no fade
This skilled trade like a tailor made suede
Hit the studio - and I'm paid
Half upfront, half upon mastering
"Would you like that in cash?" Last thing you should ask the king
You don't have to be no crystal ball reader
Allergic to saltpeter, used to be a wall beater
In the game like a Wall Street cheater
A lot of rap noise is annoying like Cita
Turn into a triple-X monster from a fairy tale movie
He don't know me very well, do he?
King Geedorah, crush on the seed's teacher
They need to pay 'em better, she had nothing on the reefer
Heffer, and I had to offer her a stick of gum
She was as thick as they come, but taught a strict curriculum
Which is only good for my son
When I'm in the hood, razor's on tongue
Nowadays it's amazing raising young
Rule number one: Keep your fazers on stun


"Figaro"

The rest is empty with no brain but the clever nerd
The best emcee with no chain ya ever heard
Take it from the Tec-9 holder
They've bit but don't know their neck shine from Shinola
Everything that glitters ain't fishscale
Lemme think, don't let her faint get Ishmael
A shot of Jack got her back it's not an act stack
Forgot about the cackalack, holla back, clack clack blocka
Villainy, feel him in ya heart chakra chart toppa
Start shit stoppa be a smart shoppa
Shot a cop day around the way 'bout to stay
But who'd a know there's two mo' that wonder where the shooter go
'Bout to jet, get him, not a bet, dead 'em
Let 'em spit the venom said 'em got a lot of shit with 'em
Let the rhythm hit 'em, it's stronger in the other voice
We makes the joints that make 'em spread 'em butta moist
Man, please, the stage is made of panties
From the age of baby hoochies on to the grannies
Ban me the dough rake, daddy
The flow make her fatty shake, patty cake, patty cake
For fake, if he was Anita Baker's man
He'd take her for her masters, hit it once an' shake her hand
On some ol' thank ya ma'am an' ghost her
She could mind the toaster if she sign the poster
A whole host of roller coaster riders
Not enough tracks (is it?)
Hot enuff black (for ya)
It's too hot to handle, you got blue sandals
Who shot ya? Ooh got you new spots to vandal?
Do not stand still, both show skills
Close but no krills, toast for po' nils, post no bills
Coast to coast Joe Shmoe's flows ill, go chill
Not supposed to overdose No-Doz pills
Off pride tykes talk wide through scar meat
Off sides like how Worf rides with Starfleet
Told ya, on some get-rich shit
As he get older he gets colder than a witch tit
This is it, make no mistakes
Where my nigga go?
Figaro, Figaro
O's beats and my rhymes attack
A scary act
All black like Ms. Mary Mack
Wait 'til you see 'em live on the piano
DOOM sings soprano like "una duociano"
My momma told me
Blast him and pass her her glass of Ol' E
Not to be troublesome
But I could sure use a quick shot of double rum
No stick of bubble gum
I like ice cream
We could skip the weddin'
Have a nice dream
She only let him stick the head in


"Gas Drawls"

By the way, I re-up on bad dreams, bag up screams in fiftys
Be up on mad schemes that heat shop like jiffy-pop(pop)
In a instant get smoked like Winston Cigarettes
Ho's get ripped off like Nicorette patch
In real life the real trife scene
Might snatch ya life like assault machine
Rifle, dead up setup like bull-fight
Be blunted how we like couldn't white or in full flight
The unemotional call me anti-social
On the run off the gun death tally commercial
Death valley is like rehearsal to the streets
To my peeps G.M MF on the beat
Rhymes is chosen like the weapons of war
So keep from steppin on my floor or delivery front door
I bring it to ya'll motherfuckers master yours
My disaster cause: Hell.. in gas drawls
The supervillain cooler than a million, I be chillins
Still quick to slice squares like Sicilians
Dont make me have to hurt them feelings
I'll ruin you in the dirt that I be doin in my dealings (WHILE I’M)
Sendin spirits through the ceilin', chrome peelin'
Dome blown within the comforts of your own home
Grown big wheelin' and high rollin'
I hold the lye, it keeps the sty on my eye swollen'
Holdin, foldin the pal
Known as massive-versatile
I’d like to big-em-up monster isle
I saw you in Hell with them gas drawls
To my brother Subroc and Black Ju
I crack brew for, two more, three men, two up
I hit the brew up like nobody knows how X the unseen feels
When giving crews a brush with death like between meals
Two times a day with brothers that's tight like a noose
With more rhymes in use than Dr. Seuss or motherfuckin' mother goose
X the suspicious flirter
Who every hooker hearda', next to malicious murda'
A track type vicious fulfillin the pipe wishes
The misses may be legal minus the baby eagle
Any given summer's eve don't breathe
Sixteen shots I do believe and one up the sleeve
Master of the O who predict ya last pause
I told y'all, Hell and gas drawls
Breakin glass and plastic jaw like federal drastic law
Fed up from fightin' secret war wit' them Fantastic Four (invisible bitch)
Versus Doom wit' the metal face before I go to state
The ho better settle case
The flow is at pedal pace steady like tricycles
Beware all suckas is froze like icicles (bag 'em up)
And baggin' bitches like nickels
Cause I licked 'em where they tickle before I hit the clit though
I'ma split till I pronounce More hits than a ounce no doubt
About ta bounce, X the unannounced, I'm out
And I like to give a shoutout to the brother Jet Jaguar
Megalon and King Geedorah
I call this joint right here Gas Drawls
In Hell with yours


"Gazzillion Ear"

Villain man never ran with krills in his hand and
Won't stop rockin til he clocked in a gazzillion grand
Tillin' the wasteland sands
Rap sold backs of treasure maps stacks to the ceilin' fan
He rest when he's ashes
Ask em after ten miles of his goulashes, smashes stashes
Chip on his shoulder with a slip on holster
A clip, a folder and his grip on a boulder bolster
They supposed ta know. It show when his aura glow
Get from out the row, when he get dough it's horrible
Time is money spend, waste, save, invest to fess
From ten case a cave with chicken chest S
Yes ya'll but don't forget your trickles
The best ballers pitch in and rub together nickels
But tut tut, he about to change the price again
It go up each time, he blow up like hydrogen
Villain here, havin' one thrilling affair
It won't stop, top illin' til he a gazillionaire
Grillin' stare, yeah ya boy had drama
Got em on a mental plane, avoided bad karma
Once sold a inbred skinhead a nigga joke
Plus a brand new chrome smokin' with the triggers broke
I thought I told em firing pins was separate
He find out later when he tries to go an rep it
Took a Jehovah money for a Arabic Torah
Charged in advance, translate it and ignored it sorta
One monkey don't stop no slaughta
A junkie want ta cop a quarter ton, run for the border
Know the drill, it ain't worth the overkill
Flow skill, still... there's no thrill
Villain burn ya 10K bills in his villa
Villa, when it gets realer, split the skrilla with...
Dilla, (Dilla) mix, mix, mix
Do a deal for kicks and get rich quick
Sketch lyric, bet 'cha bottom nick on some vic
Ick from the drumstick, come with the dumb stick
Sick slick, hid in a book
The only way they find it if it's spittin in a hook
Listen, don't look now, keep walkin'
Traded three beans for this cow, cheap talkin'
Hawk men, stalkin', hit a weed, hawkin' often
Cough into a coffin, might as well scoff the pork then
He's like Wharf, some say stronger though
Off the top J strong bow, play along bro
Wear a mask like yo off the Gong Show
Flow slow as Mongo, Don Juan thong pro
For ya info when he's not practicin' Jim Crow
A actress and some nympho bimbo
He's playin' Ray Jay the old tape
DOOM, well what can I say like JJ in a gold cape
Fill it to the rim like brim
Villain and ya won't find him in no gym
Probably a foggy bog with the frogs
With a dot on the guard as he squat on log
Half cocked and half baked
Used to keep a full stock of work half rocked and half shaked
My mistake, silent track agreement
For more G's than lines and cracks in the cement
In any event it's fake like wrestlin'
Get em like Keak da Sneak on mescaline
Ahem, elixir for the dry throat
Tried to hit the high note. Villain's just a itsy bitsy zygote
By remote, send in the meat wagon
Braggin' MC's packed in with they feets draggin'
These stats are staggerin'
Had his PHD in indiscreet street hagglin'
Villain, his agenda is clear
Endin' this year with dividends to spare, here
It's not meant for the scene
Went through the celin' after enterin' his center bein'
A new meanin' to sales through the roof
Guaranteed raw and saw his truth is truth, proof
It's the return of the tramp
Who'll do a duet jam with Earnest Goes to Camp
For the right earn - knaa'mean like Vern
We need some more oil for the machines to burn, learn
Jiminy crickets, he gets lucky like winnin' free tickets off simply lyrics
One mans waste is another mans soap
Sons fan base, know the brotha man's dope
A real weirdo, with a bug rear flow
And the way his hair grow was ugly as a scarecrow
He wears a mask so the charge won't grab
On a rooftop with a large stone slab
Heads up, talk white and thought niggerous
Refuse to walk tight and got his off the figure'ish
Black licorice is equally as yucky
How he handle the money was strictly Dan Stucky
Monkey hustle, man on fire
Later for the date than the hadron collider
And cost more, if it's seemin' like a style
DOOM leave the competition steamin' like a pile
Smile, ding!
Sparkling jewels, in effect like alternate side of the street parkin' rules
Fools, the roach is never dead
Live for a week, then dehydrate with a severed head. Instead..
It was depicted as Flik did
Split, the wick's lit


"G.M.C."

Party people know the name, Vik with a "k"
If it's all the same, if it ain't don't bother
Told the little monster, "No I ain't yo' father
It's Uncle Viktor, shut the lights I'm gettin' dizzy
And close the door, can you see ya momma busy?"
What a scoundrel!
Gassed up the town fool to go rob the crown jewel
He's like a lego megalomaniac
Who's into electronic and techno, a real brainiac
Smack-dab in the hip hop gold rush
V, rather the old stuff
Preferably the Cold Crush
It gets deeper than Deepak Chopra
Except he keep a stack and some cheap ass vodka
Knee-cap poppa, only when he miss the chewy center
At least he always hits who he meant ta
Remember he got a short fuse and bad temper
And a plan to claim emperor by December
Member of the most player-hated race
Who made this invaded place and stated with a straight face
If I cut her off I might miss her
And one of these days, right in the kisser
She probably get mad at me, I bet ya
It gets her nowhere like flattery
She said, "Where were you last Saturday?
And don't lie, we got your fingerprints off the battery"
Don't make me have to bling you
Or see you in the street and doubleteam you with the emu
It'll probably tear her ear off before y'all even square off"
No good good-for-nothin
Kill her high for no frill like 'Good Will Huntin'
He feels out a place like bizarro
Fiesty chick, comes all out her face like Charro
It's Vaughn, he's back on
And you know he don't care like Jimmy Crackcorn
Wax off, wax on
Tried to raise taxes on cracks and black porn
Another year passes
Gone are the days when he used to wear glasses
Now he wear contacts, unfrozen caveman look over the contracts
These crews is too soft
He came to tear the roof off to get paid to goof off
They don't really wanna battle
All they gon' do is get mad and go tattle
Tell 'em a retard said it
He ripped up the WE CARD sign and jetted
You gotta give us three card credit
Even though at times he can be hard-headed
Yeah, the main thing, creams by all means and harebrained schemes
The lord's performance was flawless
He rocked with a crown and a Bobby Brown cordless
The broad he was with was gorgeous
The only flaw he saw was she cause a nigga more stress
Not trying to diss her
But I used to know this sister that could put a whole fist in her
Hell, I made it momma
Grammy for the world's most celebrated rhymer
Dead the drama, scama[?], 4 G's of pizzy from Bahama
V, the lead brown man
And never count your chickens before you read SoundScan
What about mom and pops?
They might as well cooperate and wait 'til the bomb drop
Get more cabbage, often time he wonder how they get so savage
V, not your average, often time he wonder how they got so savage


"GMO"
(feat. Beth Gibbons)

There they go, feminizing men again
Then pretend they don't know when we know it, xenoestrogen
Exorcise the jinn
Keynote lecture with a spin
Meant to get c-notes from end to end
Whoever use canola oil ya soul'll boil
For a longer time than it take a diet cola to spoil
Uh, I get what you're sellin'
Swellin' from alien microfilaments, it's Morgellons
Even if you're gellin'
What's that in your melon? And what the hell is they sprayin'? No tellin'
Barium strontium, aluminum
Well drink responsibly, get the truth from DOOM and 'em
Can't trust the tap water much less the kettle
Double entendre to the phrase test your mettle
The rest'll settle, just to get fed well
As the livin' dead infect the red cell
Don't drink the milk, it's spoiled
The blood and stuff in it make it stink, that's why it's boiled
Snake oil sales from doorbell doctors who slip Mickey's
And trick you to strip to get jipped quickly
Kick me, you know it's gettin' worse
No help bein' upset, ya startin' to curse first
Better off with a good sense of humor
Research to know what's the truth instead of rumor
Ya partner DOOM is who'll ride
Or either do or die like farmer suicide, chew your pride
Might as well start 'em out in pro boxin'
Than force-feedin' them toddler food laced with excitotoxins
They did it like the funky worm
Enough to make a junkie squirm, mice making monkey sperm
Or rice infused with diarrhea drugs
Wonder why it's here, well shrug, hells yeah it's bugged
And it gets bugged'er by the minute
Question: will the frankenfoods kill us?
Or turn us into thangs off Thriller, or dang gorillas?
Breeds of a needless variety
In the name of greed we get a seedless society
Flounder genes in your tomatoes
Cod in your potatoes, playin' God, retarded'er than Play-Doh
And as the juice gets sweeter
No use in bein' cute if you's a useless eater
Make it hard to keep your mattress clean
That was mean, little froggies with sex changes from atrazine
And aspartame in gum, Splenda is plenty fun
Left many strung, agenda 21
Or have your third eye cry or your side blown
Well right on, forgot to sign the guide stone
Yours truly all caps DOOM
Sue him if you’re gloomy, or boo'em to your tomb
Yes
Slicko, it's like robitussin but toxic
She take it to feel better, but there's more to the concoction
She'll peep it
Got a lot, can you keep it?
Got these keys to the cuffs
To unlock all these secrets
Yes I'm professin', yes teachin'
With the villain, strategic
Got these apples and peaches
The size of Kelly and Regis
You won't believe till you see it
And with them come these allergies
Underage with doubles Ds
Aw, man, ya killing me
Literally


"Go With The Flow"

Big up all the Monsta Island massive
And beware before I triple dare you like the last kid
Who asked me what we don't got that you got son
For one, flow that's elementary my dear Watson
Secondly, ever since I was little
Not so much to riddle, least rhyme to the syllable
Keep tracks that make a Arab thief clap
With no hands, I chopped these drums off
Truly Yours, G Rap
Actual fact, relax
In this land of lyrical lost, black
I'm not the cool sleestak
The one who might stop and talk to you
Poisoned a few, niggas who be biting styles I'm like pork to
Oooh...what you got to lose? Let mud fly
When I got blues I chew whole crews that's bud dry
So I ask why the styes from the cess
Shit be fucking with my eye as I pull it to the chest
The super motherfucking villain grip the mic with an iron hand
Throwing emcees to the fire from out the frying pan
It ain't no use in trying, man, son stop crying
Fronting like you death-defying, you need to stop lying
Speak your piece only once you're spoken to first
Now let me hear your verse while I'm choking you
With well refined rhymes like a editor
Throw them to my collection of skulls and spines like Predator
Fuck around, the only niggas who could hear the same sound (who?)
Was Jet Jaguar and James Brown
(Yeah, yeah only them two niggas?)
And I'm glad I took the time to write their names down to big 'em up
(True, true)
I'd like to say hi
It's Sci.Fly the odd Merlin
That's quick to whip up a script like Rod Serling
Who eye on bad bitch who used to whip the Sterling
Who see God toke but never see God hurlin'
My man Grimm had his little monkey like Space Ghost
Me myself I got flavors that out-taste most
With numb gums, some rhymers is lactose
Back to you MF Doom, you late show host
S to the U to the P E R-uh
Who chronicle these times in a 3-D horror
Thriller porno co-starrer in a realer drama
Who break bread with stingy kin-men, indian borrower
Lone gunman who candidly flip fly flows
Single-handedly with one eye closed
In a fly pose, no shirt Alayé
May see me stack the quarter-mill cash pay
That's in a smash way how he did it
Motherfucker probably couldn't peep it past a minute


"Great Day"

It never really mattered too much to me
That I was just too damn old to emcee
All that really matters is if your rhymes was ill
Girl, that's all that really mattered to me, oh baby
Looks like it's gonna be a great day today
To get some fresh air like a stray on a straightaway
Hey you, got a light? Nah, a Bud Light
Early in the morning, face crud from like a mud fight
Lookie here, it's just the way the cookie tear
Prepare to get hurt and mangled like Kurt Angle rookie year
The rocket scientist, with the pocket wine list
Some even say he might need some p-sychiatrist
DOOM, are you pondering what I'm pondering?
Yes, but why would the darn thing be wandering?
She's like a foundling, barely worth fondling
My posse's on Broadway like Mama I Want to Sing
Mad plays the bass like the race card
Villain on the case to break shards and leave her face scarred
Groovy, dude! Not to prove to be rude
But this stuff is like what you might put on movie food
Uh, what is jalapeños?
Get it like a whuppin' when you holla at your seniors
Dolla he can overhear the hashish vena
He just came from over there, the grass is greener
Last wish: I wish I had two more wishes
And I wish they fixed the door to the matrix, there's mad glitches
Spit so many verses sometimes my jaw twitches
One thing this party could use is more... booze
Put yourself in your own shoes
And stay away from all those pairs of busted Timbs you don't use
He only keep 'em to decorate
If you wanna peep him, select a date
And bring a deep check, like "Check, mate"
I kid you not, on the dotted line signed
Ever since a minor, kids considered him some kind of Einstein
On a diamond mine grind, she was dumb fine
But not quite the type that you might want to wine and dine
Couldn't find a pen, had to think of a new trick
This one he wrote in cold blood with a toothpick
On second thought, it's too thick
His assistant said: "Doom, you sick," he said "True" through acoustics
Psycho, his flow is drowned in Lawry's seasoning
With micropower he's sound and right reasoning
It's easy as pi, 3.14
One more one false move and they're done for


"Great Things"
(with Bishop Nehru)

Emperor Nehru
I'm here with
(What up, kid?)
DOOM the Villain
Peace, Nehruvians
I'mma do great things, great things
No, y'all can't stop my dream and my vision
I'mma do great things, great things
No, y'all can't stop my dream and my vision
I'mma do great things, great things
No, y'all can't stop my dream and my vision
I'mma do
1, 7, 9 6, yeah
Got smooth beats and verses
Rappers mad cause I show them hearses
It's not my purpose they just worthless
It ain't worth this time, rehearse them lines
Me, I never had to practice–I just wrote and shined
A walking diamond yet they treat me like feldspar (what?)
I'm not as common as you think, you better dwell hard
On the past, the present and the future too
Were you part of the few who knew Nehru before he blew?
No challenger, my mission can't fail
Cause I'm lookin' at my vision and this shit is gettin' real
I'm hoping to get some meals, no hobo
I'm hoping I don't grow old before I show the whole globe
What I know and what I see
Plus who I plan to be, that's a man of peace
Got Gandhi in his genes so you gotta get the theme
Others parking while I speed, am I targeted to lead?
Peace
Just put your mind to it, you'll go mad far
Like the plasma in reactors when you're headed to the stars
Let it be tomorrow, it starts on the inside
Use intuition and conscience as a guide, glide
Choose a target, however immaculate
Focus till it manifest pin-point accurate
That's a sure bet, and Villain's no gambler
Freeze frame a thought like it's caught on camera
Advice is free of charge, just pay attention
A donation as they say in this dimension
A game-winning strategy: support your favorite charity
Playing with polarity could drain a whole battery
Beware of apathy and procrastination
And put the plan in full effect for instant activation
Just a few jewels that's hidden in plain sight
Ain't nothing else to it but to do it, but do it right
Aight?
I'm seeing great things in my vision, started with an intention
And then moved farther when I parted with my soul extensions
Erased all the tension that my mind was inventin'
And used it for useful venting, Nehru you do it different
I'm missing mental misery that's usually in-built in me
And building the empire higher, acquire light
And he's growing to be enlightened, a frightening sight
Like Michael Myers when he strikes with the knife
Better grab your reds it's about to get epic
So shoot it in high res while they aligning with the message
Nehruvians wild blessing, we straight from the Gods
In the heavens, perfection, we live walking talking seven
Been striving for these goals since eleven, now they hear me
Get ready and prepared for what may appear eerie
Directing my own theories, they finally see 'em clearly
I'ma make change severely cause I can't force dearly
Sincerely


"Guinnesses"
(feat. Empress Stahhr & 4ize)

Running desperately low on food, they were forced to turn back
(Well it should
I despise him)
Sheitan never came so ill, he got skill
Met a brother from the drill that gave my spine chills
All thirty-three nerves controlling my curves
Common sense just swerved every time I got served
Stress, frustration, empty rhetoric
Cold as winter in Connecticut, compassion lacking deficit
Thought it was love like sent from above
You not a soul-mate, more ways and actions of a primate
Who by low and census coming faker than extensions
Pissed away all good intentions outta here. sister was missin'
Intuition, maybe it was me
I couldn't see, holdin' onto fantasy, getting bitten by reality
War wound, purple heart, love veteran
Morphine, pain killers, drugs and medicine
Anything just to forget the hurt
Incoming, take cover, hit the dirt
On the front-line, there's casualties in the mind
And the POW's get left behind
Mentally scarred for life, love is war
And some chicks are just too hard to wife
I shoulda deaded it from genesis 'stead of hittin' the Guinnesses
Now I'm free falling, cursing at the street, bawling
He ceased calling, no appetite for feast darling
So deep, all in, I bet he never stop balling women
Forsake God for the scent of a man
Sacrifice a whole life for a slice, overstand?
Maybe it's a lack of pigment, loneliness imagine figment
Only got the car tinted to pull extra G's in it
Damn Jody, comin with the okie doke, pokie poke
Steady rockin boats, got me aimin for ya throats
Sniper scope, weren't we supposed to elope?
Propose then ya froze, I don't think that I can cope
War wound, purple heart, love veteran
Morphine, pain killers, drugs and medicine
Anything just to forget the hurt
Incoming, take cover, hit the dirt
On the front-line, there's casualties in the mind
And the POW's get left behind
Mentally scarred for life, love is war
And some chicks are just too hard to wife
Constant frustration, stemming from a no win situation
Rushing lust and fornication, adding to the complication
Patience is a virtue, pain run deep when love desert you
Listenin' to whisperin', choosing chaos over discipline
Simpleton, life should really be a piece of intimance
Relationships strengthening, flower essence penstemon
Gentlemen my favorite shit so I've never forsaken it
I persevere, make it fit, sculpting and reshaping it
Taking sips off a fifth of it, passionate, intense
Incense candles lit, scandalous
Emotional bandages, why would he abandon this?
Guess he couldn't handle it, the boss is magnanimous
War wound, purple heart, love veteran
Morphine, pain killers, drugs and medicine
Anything just to forget the hurt
Incoming, take cover, hit the dirt
On the front-line, there's casualties in the mind
And the POW's get left behind
Mentally scarred for life, love is war
And some chicks are just too hard to wife
Look
(Oh boy, here we go)
Come on you college boys wearing them faggotty-looking white shoes
Ya didn't wash your neck
(Take a look at my neck)
Hold it right there you
Where you're going, there are no jokes
I'm beginning to think that armor-plated gargoyle doesn't like me


"Gumbo"

You gotta watch your gums on this
But it's, it's very good, it's very healthy
(Not perfect for every situation but edible wrappers could actually beef up your next meal)
You would only want to use the wraps when there's no food associated with the use of the wraps
So, uh, some potential uses include, um, wrapping bolt packed in a larger package
And in that case, the, the wrap will actually form into a sauce when you cooked, cooked your meats
Um, there's also been interest in, um, development of using the wrap and then actually rip up the wrap in case you will get weary the next day
(It's hoped edible wrappers will do a couple of things
Create a new demand for produce
Stop throwing out as much garbage as they do
And eat more chitlins)


"Guv'nor"

Catch a throatful
From the fire vocaled
Ash and molten glass like
Eyjafjallajökull
The volcano out of Iceland
He'll conquer and destroy the rap world like the white men
Learnt from a pro as a mentor
Started with a bird nest and burnt it to a cinder
That'll get the party kicking
Plus your little charred body is smoldered like chicken
As the dollar continues to lose momentum
He need land from murdered indians that represent 'em
Gold is up, urging all thugs
Trade your chains for cash and splurge it on drugs
Or a more secure investment:
Food or water
A couple of gallons for your cutest daughter
And thank him as a Yankee fellow southerner
Don't forget the general rank, 'ello guv'nor
Vocals spill over like the rolling hills of Dover
Or the Gulf Oil Disaster if preferred you're after
Depends on your status or your stature
Whether you benefit from the prior or the later-er
Get the fatter check split
How much for 100,000 tons of correct shit
Sell a Chinese half-priced seafood
Price is like a real nice street dude
Who can knock the most dead birds out the sky
And then spread a lie
And then say he know why
I bet
Get the machine, blame it on the fireworks
Cleanup, y'all know when to send the wire, jerks!
Black teeth still snack on sweets
And get stacks with the qui mon qui
They use to sell CD's
Now they got fake weed
Seeds burning trees like potpourri
Buyer beware
Had to tell this one liar "sire be fair"
At least untie her hair from the chair while I'm there
I hate playing loving her, JJ for Governor


"Hardcore Hustle"
(feat. Wildchild)

(Madvillain...)
Jump on the track with a hardcore hustle
With a busload a niggas this time we bought 'cha muscle
Wildchild's the one to uplift most and it's confirmed
So tonight let's bang this Madvillain music 'till it's adjourned
Loot rushes in head first with the full force of a ram
So the source of the verse coerce the course of a jam
Went to hell and back, saw devil sellin' crack
In fact had to come back with brother with the mask
By yellin' "black.. power to the people", who support raw music
Blessed from the start to keep upliftin' progressive art
To come out and uplift words
Take verbalistic leaps to the next purge[?] compact dope poetical excerpts
Who's the expert (Wild)? With the physical frame
Who's mental was tamed to get over in this musical game
When the Madvillain breaks your dome you'll see
Your interval depth was written for those that slept
We take 100% unpredictable steps
(Say what?) Who's the one that rocked up a party with the vigilance urge
And just when ya got, caught up in the cynical thought
Intervals in the shape of a mic get put straight through your heart like..


"Hero Vs. Villain (Epilogue)"
(feat. E. Mason)

"And that ended Doom's plans for world destruction!"
"And how did you manage to stop him?"
"Simple, I [?] rearranged the circuits"
"Once he threw the switch"
"My ability to attack is faster than the cobra..."
"Very helpful."
"And I will be careful, not to make the same mistakes as Doom!"
What's the hero, who's the villain?
Dead or livin, killed or killin, who the fuck should remain chillin?
(Doom) Webster says, wicked and evil, but yo who's Webster?
Nihilation and outcast, equals freedom that's so fast
Culture in chains, that be the rolls villain plays
All these are just metaphors, they describe symbols in folklore
But who knows why it's like this?
Hero? Hit or old miss? Maybe it's all good
Really of God, but who should, determine the real
Evil, what's the deal
Fools rush in, they don't know the yin, from the yang
And are ashamed to deviate, or act sane
From the norm, they are slaves, forced to conform
To really find your essence, take this as a lesson
Break away from the rest of them
Get from the form ending, like the villain in the song
Find truth, who determines wrong
From right, without a fistfight
Different from day than from night {Operation... Doomsday}
It's just a simple play on words
Delete all these punks ass herbs
Who's the hero, what's the villain?
The question still remains chillin
Listen to the music, try very hard to use it
Open up and research, and that's the end of this verse
But y'all niggas keep y'all minds open out there
"So like fuck you, fuck the newspaper, fuck all that shit man!"
"I'm leavin" {"Good evening"}
"Yo why you want to be leaving man?"
"Man don't worry about that sucker, yo man listen"
"Yo I'm not gonna finish my piece man, not with this lady around man"
"Yo what the fuck is this shit man?"
"I don't like that shit man, I don't want no fuckin pictures taken of my shit man"
"Yo relax!"
"Nah man, that shit is fucked up man, that shit can get us busted over here man!"
"Relax man it's for the paper"
"NAH NAH I'm not gonna relax, I'm gettin the fuck out of here"
"Look, we got a car! She's got a car parked right over there man!"
"Let's get the fuck out of here!"
"Well come on let's go then!"
"Doom, ..to conceal his own mangled form, right?" "Yeah"
"So like fuck you"
"Do yourself a favor.. do yourself.. trust me"


"Hey!"

Good evening, ladies and gentlemen
(Hey!)
I'd like to thank you all for joining us this evening
Let me know if y'all with me y'all
(Hey!)
Just a couple of things I'd like to say..
I only play the games that I win at
And stay the same with more rhymes than there's ways to skin cats
As a matter of fact, let me rephrase:
With more rhymes and more ways to fillet felines these days
Watch the path of the black one:
Supervillian. He wrecks clubs for delf
In a drunken stupor chillin
Ready and willin to inadvertantly foil that
Plan of any rhymer, whiner or spoiled brat
Who got more snottier flows than snotty nose?
And holds mics like he knows karate body blows?
Nobody knows
The trouble I see
From the MPV fly dirty tailin the eye bubble eye thirty
For the record this is some shit I just thought of y'all
Science fiction that's not admissable in no court of law
I live to rock mics 3-D
The only reason I seek to stop: to snuff the TV
I heard beats, they sound like karaoke
With monkey rhymers on a leash like don't have this fairy choke me
Hit 'em with a penny so we can get these peanuts
And I thought we was nuts, I used to get free cuts
They locks Lex Luthor up in green haven
Since when a nigga never really been to clean shaven
Misbehavin rap stars need Listamint
Call me Mista Bent
I'm at where your sister went
Intelligent, used to write and be well spoke
Now all a nigga wanna do is fight and sell (HEY!), tell a joke
This could lead to catastrophe
Bout to stop the violence
Right after these last three shots from the black bat got me at headlock
Holdin on to sanity, by strands of that dreadlock
She told me get off I said:
"Bitch!!
Let me set this shit off so I could get rich right quick"
Then it hit me like the point of intoxication
Nigga come out and rock this nation like ox defacin'
A lot of niggas out is rusty like oxidation
In the world's most strangest most dangerous occupation
But you could do it, you the Super like in your building
Villian like trife Kinder is in All My Children
Plottin
And it sure to pay ends
With some real mature womens, and more of they friends
And when bad men roll tight, it's actual true
Like a pack of Big Bambú, with natural glue
Who grip necks of Becks next to triple X?
He just came in 4D: Follow the ripple effects!
And it'll lead you right to him
Oh snap!
It seems you walked into a trap, through rap
Zoinks!
This place is filled with pretender willies
One false move, and get broke off! like end of Phillies
True believers
Ain't nothin new to a
Crook with special powers like how to tell the future uh-uh-
Rhyme of the month two page long
Bustin off two gages with my cape on wrong
Son it's on remind me of a Raekwon tape song
With a fleet of super bad... Status: Rae Dawn Chong
Let me know if y'alls with me y'all!
National and geographic down to the titty-bar
Rep Monster Island City yall!
To all my brothers who is doin' unsettling bids
You could have got away with it if it was not for them
Meddling kids!
(OVERR HEERRE!)


"Hoe Cakes"

KEEP YA HOES IN CHECK! (..Super!)
I got this girl and she wants me to duke Her
I told her I'd come scoop her around 8, she said "Super!"
that sounds great, shorty girl's a trooper
no matter what I need her to do, she be like "Super!"
own his own throne, the boss like King Koopa
on the microphone he flossed the ring "Super!
average emcees is like a TV blooper
MF DOOM...hes like D.B. Cooper
out wit the moolah, I let her get a outfit
jus to cool her off she said niggaz ain't about shit
I wonder if she meant it, I doubt it
the way it be in her mouth, she can't live without it
and can't live with this, handle yo bidness
villain'll stay on a scandalous hoes shit list
one pack of cookies please Mr. Hooper
its fun smackin rookies, he is the "Super!"
look like a black wookie when he let his beard grow
weirdo, brown skin'ded always kept his hair low
rumor has it its a S-curl accident
DOOM was always known to keep the best girls backs bent
some say its the eyes, some say the accent
a lotta guys wonder where they stacks went
I call her thunder thighs, with the fatty swolla
only mess wit high rollas, do what daddy told her
no matter the city she with me to do the thang thang
work in the coochie, hooptie chitty chitty bang bang
same name on the titty as on the name ring
pretty like Baby D off "all in the same gang"
keep my eye on her really don't trust her
but I treat her like a daughter, taught her how to bust a nut
and the heat to turn beef to horsemeat chalupa
teach her how to hold it, of course he is the "Super!"
see most cats treat her like foofer
or beat her to a stupor, take it from the "Super!"
ya need to make her feel cuter
and lay down the G like Luther, everythin'll be "Super!"
do for her, keep her in a new fur
so she look sweet when she go to meet the "Super!"
got the buddha get the Grenadiers, twist it
put it in the air, come 'ere, kiss it
listen here scooter, let her try to bag you
when she's on the rag never let her fry the Ragu
which will have you under some type of spell crying "dag boo"
her name on ya back in her tattoo
whether a bourgie broad, nerd hoe, street chick
don't call her wifey if you met her at the freaknick
you don't want her don't waste her time, I'll dupe her
oh and be a father to ya child like the "Super!"
he keep his hoes in check
sends 'em out to get glows from off frozen necks
tell 'em take his clothes, leave him posin nekkid for real
better yet, get 'em for the check off the record deal
find out where he keep the tek an the blue steel
make sure for extra wreck let 'em know how you feel
and while he's runnin down to all star weekend to ball
I'm comin with the U-HAUL! (Super!)
(..Super!) (...Super!)


"Hot Guacamole"
(feat. MC Paul Barman)

I'm old school
This mic is my ProTool
I'm three apples high
I live in a toadstool like a smurf
Everyone at birth is given x-ray specs
But they under-use them to undress the opposite sex
Holy guacamole!
Let's get this rap cash
Cause art right now is on some slap dash flapjack crap trash
Leave me here
SAVE YOURSELF!
OK
Pass me your wallet
I'll send help
Now who drank the last brew?
They turned off my cell again
The bill was way past due
Gosh, tell a friend
But don't let 'em gas you
It's all just hogwash
Now back to the castle
Where's that?
Parts unknown
When I'm home the seeds throw darts at the throne
No tart taste to the ho cakes
No jakes
And first place
In the go-cart race goes to...
NO BRAKES! Teach peace to the babies
We're all the same
At least for the ho's sake
Stepped on an undisclosed rake
Catch a nose-ache...
Y'all flows is fake
Yodle-eh-heee-WHO wants to be my protege?
Me, me too!
So parrot back it
I'm an underlined caret bracket
Greater than or equal to
But greater than four stars
Greater than straight-A report cards
Greater than poor sports in divorce courts or sports bars
What's your mission?
Making hundreds
Shaking blunders in this self [?] taking on fun-filled until...
Done, chill
It ain't all about the dollar bill
You could be dead broke and be a scholar still
That's true
What question should I ask you?
Uh... 'What type-a ill type-a tricks do the mask do?'
Ok, what type-a ill type-a ill tricks do the mask do?
The face plate remove and I give chicks tattoos
But then they can see your face!
I make 'em look the other way
I almost caught a case off that same shit the other day
In Grady's truck is where I first got lucky
In the 80's, now I make the ladies say 'Yucky!' like Sandy
Bollocks, that old mustache is bull-snot
On your bald spot
THAT WAS WHAT I CALL HOT!


"Impostas"
(feat. MF Grimm)

The supervillain versus the golddigger
Doom mild mannered old nigga
Supporter for the daily blues
Reporter for the jewel drop news pop israeli tools
The world renowned master of word game
Who lay low sometime behind iceberg nerd frames
Yo M.F., they heard the name
But just couldn't quite place the rep if they retrace they step
Next EP., who to give thanks ta
Here lies the pranksta, tried to test a gangsta
The last thing he saw was a potato
From the lone nato who host his own late show
Keep a low lab on monsta island like seinfeld
White wine clientele connected like mindmeld
I can tell they see they styles as too tricky
And too thicky on this microphone doohickey
MF Monday through Friday get money
Saturday through Sunday, brown Al Bunday
Waitin for this shit to kick in as the plot thicken
He wrote these rhymes in 3-D with red and blue BIC pen
And to the chickens only hoes who say “let me hold em"
Take him in they mouth while he semi swollen, semicolon
I told him birds would do a nigga brutal for not using his noodle
F up and get bamboozled
He was the one to open to her up, blow her brains back
Dope her up or rope her to the train tracks
Or he would choke her til she collapse
Still he’ll poke her with the wood and tell her be good
He could take a phrase like Peter Piper picked a pepper
And put it where he couldn't peep the sniper, sicker repper
Nigga popper, stick a chick proper
Double platinum Oprah soap opera watchers gossipers on top of her
I keep forgettin can’t go raw anymore
I keep forgettin rappers is impostas
Been a show stopper since a ho hoppa
Never came second place in a neck and neck race
To the naked face who wanna battle bring the neck brace
We supply the insult to injury
Whoever in the industry getting money is too stingy
Violate, you might as well smoke me loc
Relocate Migrate or get caught with the okey doke
It's guaranteed ya last step
Step to me with the uzi
Watch that first step it's a doozy
Time flies as the hour glass trickles sand
One last thing before I blao this popsicle stand
A rolling stone and that's that at home
On the microphone like that's where he laid his hat at
I keep forgettin (keep makin dough)
I keep forgettin (mad flow MF metalface ho's)
I keep forgettin (actual stacks of shows)
I keep forgettin (worldwide 'cross the globe let the beat ride)


"Intro"
(with Bishop Nehru)

So if you, say
Let's say you meditate with the OM chant
It takes a radio to do that
Bishop and umm
Metal Fingers Doom
You follow that?
Ok let's do it, lets go, roger
The human ear only hears between 20 and 20,000 hertz
OM
Hey what are you doing man, hey what are you doing
Come on quit messing around
Listen I'll pay man I'll pay
Hey, not me, man
Yeah you
Hey quit messing around come on
Trust me
Yelling
We're retarded, that's right retarded
That wasn't funny man
In the same way we can human voices our music on radio waves and the speed of light, we can send our own dialogue
It's hard to meditate to the OM chant when your neighbor is blasting frequencies of (Jeezy) and (Gucci)
And all that you speak about, he taught us how to tone that out


"I Wonder"
(feat. Hassan Chop)

That's right I got problems and personal issues
Stories that'll make ya-eyes tear and wet tissue
Its true, I'm (Madd) like the (Rapper)
I'm so upset I gotta put it up in my rap before I snapper
After the things I've seen from Atlanta to Queens
To the mean streets of Brooklyn when I was a teen
Back and forth to the Islands, scream when I left
But adapted, and still my dreams haven't left
I only hung with the crack kids we not the best
Me and the ruffest ruffnecks went chest to chest
Now my best friend's locked up north I won't rest
Til I let him live his dream threw me and I confess
That even though both our hearts was dark his was darker
Best believe when shit got spark he was the sparker
And when the block got hot he was the fire starter
And if I had beef my nigga Raja was a martyr
I wonder how certain people come in my life
I wonder why'd I get in so many fights
I wonder why sometimes things just don't go right
Why I gotta live this life hey hey
I wonder how certain people come in my life
I wonder why'd I get in so many fights
I wonder...why I gotta live this life hey hey
Yo you one of the most important people in my life
They called you Dice but I called you cousin
We was buggin cause I figured that we both had something in common
You loved to chat reggae music and I loved rhymin
But still they ain't call you Dice for nothin
I seen you shoot with the williest cats and leave them with nothing
Somethin must have pleased that bluffer in you
To make you wanna take dough from those tougher than you
Threw out school we made money together
When you was on the floor shootin, I was the side better
And yo we cleaned out them cats and took the scraps
But you wasn't a ruff cat and cats knew that
I knew eventually them thugs would try to hurt you
If I was there, I'd never let nobody hurt you, its hurtful
I knew they wouldn't let you take the money and run
That's why I shoulda came when you told me to come
I wonder how certain people come in my life
I wonder why'd I get in so many fights
I wonder...Why I gotta live this life hey hey
I wonder how certain things don't go right
I wonder why'd I get in so many fights
I wonder...why I gotta live this life hey hey
Yo it was June sixth 96 Graduation night
Made it through the school shish shootin dice gettin in fights
I even sparked a riot, til the school got quiet
And dismiss just got tired of usin my fists
We had some shit like knife pipes bottles and sticks
Can't forget them 380's, Nine's and 22's
Best believe, many dudes was paid in my crew
We made a name for ourselves boy I've seen some drama
Seems my momma never dreamed she'd go threw so much trauma comma, pause you
Ask about cops and laws
Well that shit don't exist when you black and poor
So we broke em, but at that night my heart got broken
Choken on the weed smoke drinkin rum and gettin open
Not to mention, never a big drinker I'm a thinker
But I'm thinkin hey this my night, pass me more liquor
Fight breaks out, I'm just too nice to get in it
But my brother got stabbed and I missed it
Word up, its crazy
Why I gotta live this life (wonder) hey hey
I wonder why sometimes things just don't go right
I wonder why certain people come in my life
I wonder.. yeah.. why I gotta live this life hey hey
I wonder why sometimes things just don't go right
I wonder why'd I get in so many fights
I wonder...hey why I gotta live this life hey hey
I wonder why sometimes things just don't go right
I wonder why I gotta live this life
I wonder...why I gotta live this life ay ay uh ay
That's right...your life..


"Kon Karne"

Darker than the East river, larger than the Empire State
Where the beasts to guard the barbed wire gate is on the job not my fate
Tired of the wait till the villain bring deliverance from the dire straits, fire at a higher rate
Why'd they make the liars, fliers scatter, buy a plate, isolate the wires
Try the straight pliers if not the vice grips
A real price saver way to acquire nice whips
What a steal for real on wheels of steel
Stunner a funner summer number one meal deal bummer
A bizarre phenomenon is your armor on
Take your cash, Karma, or break your fast, Ramadan
Transaction drama, aww come on Barney
Clack clack, pardon me, whack rap con carne
He came to feed the childrens like Sally Struthers
After that he's going back to Cali where's the (Love is)
Wilder than the Nile, hold power like the great pyramids of Giza
And stay leanin' like the tower of Pisa
Give him something he can feel that's soft to squeeza
Raw with the pen and on the mic off the hezza
Get shot off that wide eyed talk
If he had a pot he'd still piss on the sidewalk
Can't take the street out the street person
Lookin' for the perfect beat coercion into heat burstin'
They couldn't spot him on the spot date
Got the only tape that comes with a free hot plate
Whoever do get to see me sing
With the 3D ring sittin' stationary like B.B. King
Can see how it really sting, it ain't no front row
Standing room only at the motocross stunt show
The ruckus ain't up to Snuffleupagus
Me and Sub is like the brown Smothers Brothers (Love is)
Vaster than the seven seas, bigger than Mount Kilimanjaro
If they don't know, fill them in tomorrow on the horror show
A mental note, return Bob's record
Swear to god before he gets a job, he robs Eckerd
Blessed with a hot flow, tested, it got dough
Invested in stress the best to finesse an opto
As I reminisce never forgot when I was very broke
Shot the Henny straight couldn't afford to cop the cherry coke
Or should I say broke with wealth?
To know enough to give them just enough rope to yoke theyself
Plan B before I take the ring and pawn it
The long arm of the law couldn't even put they fingers on it
Dog gone it, do the statistics
How he bust lyrics was too futuristic for ballistics
And far too eccentric for forensics
I dedicate this mix to Subroc the Hip Hop Hendrix
In my pocket, a note
(It's from my father
From the guard's whip, is this a trick?)
Why would I resort to trickery?
You're already a prisoner
What do I gain by deceiving you?
(You can't blame me for being suspicious)
No (Love is)


"Kon Queso"

...Give it a sec for the pain to start
This wreck right here it ain't for the faint of heart
They thought they saw the worst verse
From the team of G men who seem like nerds at first
Once they get to know us people dig us
Leaders in the fight for equal rights for niggaz
Inventor of the more demented flow nobody doubt it
This go for if ya bout it bout it or rowdy rowdy
Whatever's clever the master fold
Who every hooka heard a but now HO NO
If we see tomorrow the next day classes
The villain in the back with the x-ray glasses
Have no fear the ninja here
Feel em like the tinge in ya ear from drinkin ginger beer
When it's on loco head gon' lay low
And heat it like beef patty coco bread con queso
If you say so lace the whole case load
They say he wear a metal mask in case his face show
He told em they flows is bitch talk and ayo's
His whole crew walk with pitchfork and halo's
Say OH if you never worked a J-O
And keep more cash then a stash in a peso
Okay yo ya'll know who to follow
Tie em up in the crib and leave the place hollow
..Oh shoot the goose shes loose
So wild you couldn't chase it down with straight fruit juice
Frown like the first time you taste cous cous
Stash the deuce deuce
Troops askin truce truce
Today on intense wreck week
We have the super villain in his own defense to speak
It's all part of my mental techniques
Available to freaks and pencil neck geeks
Train the same brain to a insane train of thought
On a campaign trail he came to gain ya support
Charge cash for a autograph
Say some shit to make ya daughta laugh
Then slaughta the ass
Seem em on the big screen like Steve McQueen
Do something and never be back once he leave the scene
Keep more medicated pads then Stridex
For his own sidewrecks with no known side effects
Before you press charges use ya noodle
So what when he grab the mic he scratch ya cute cuticles
Keep ya mouth shut everything'll be beautiful
It would be often rude to you now get back to ya hooty hoo
Damnit it ain't worth the drama can it
From the calm bandit eat rhymers like pomegranate
Soon as he stepped in he lit the room
Boom reschedule my noon with Britt Hume (Doom!)
In love with Mary Jane she's my main thing
Pulled her right from that webhead what a lame brain
Maintain say it don't spray it
Wanna see ya girl again ya might as well pay it
If I had a dime for every rhymer who bust guns
I'll have a cool mill for my sons in trust funds
When I was broker than a broke dick dog
I always kept a L to smoke in thick fog
When it rain it sure do thunderstorm
I got more rhymes in the summer than musty underarms
One two microphone checker
First learned to neck off a Home-Ec homewrecker
This is back when he was like crib age
When he hit the stage its like a gauge to the rib cage
Break the mic like a rock star break a guitar
Jump off the stage like "Yee haw!"


"Kookies"

One little evening alone home
End up with carpal tunnel syndrome
And here I am, known for giving heavy back aches
Grown and living off of Little Debbie snack cakes
Supposed to be checking e-mails
All I got is messages from ass-naked females (Cookies)
I don't know a Jenny
She said it's free and I won't owe her a penny
And that's the last time I saw her
But thousands of more horrors on online Gomorrah
And Sodom, they got 'em with they curls out
And they got a better sales pitch than the Girl Scouts
I wonder what I owe her
For a whole box of caramel coconut samoa
(Night, night) Okay honey, sweet dreams
Now it's time to get serious like Peek Freans
A metal hand full, wipe it on the quilt
Wife wake up and I'm kill't over spilt milk
Locked in, looking at your picture
Fully clothed winter and I right there with ya
Thinking about the last time I split your wishbone
A man could only wish you could do the same till he get home
Fat chance, at least he get snacks
That will have to do till a brother get back
Until then, smack One-Eyed Jack
And hope one of his peoples can hook him with a tri-pack
That's three different flavors
Chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry wafers
Acting all hard, bout to get beat up
I'll show him what time it is once I get this sheet up
Soon as he fell off the beat down
All I hear is, "Thirteenth cell, put the sheet down"
Damn CO, what the hell do she know
Besides the fact she wanna get dug out on the d-low
A workaholic with a fountain in the ink pen
Out in the mountains and I stopped drinking again
In the wee hours, he's gotten farther
Needing three showers, being hot and bothered
The whiz with her legs bent, pregnant
God bless the day she wondered where her egg went
I need a L, it's hard to drink without it
And could use some cookies but trying not to think about it
Watching BET on jazz for knowledge on file
Every other commercial, college hoes gone wild
Soft batch, I prefer the other bunch, like we got for lunch
Chocolate fudge butter crunch
Don't mess with the Ritz Bits
Wheat Thins, Saltines, or Triscuits (No)
Matzos or Cheez-Its
Catch sugar fits every time that he sees a nice pair of
Chips Ahoy, double chocolate chunk
Something with the bubble and the junk in the trunk
Even the Oreos, no matter what weather
Always kept 'em dipped in milk and stuck together
In the game he's shameless
Even uses a codename Famous Amos
It's cheaper than a short stay at the day's inn
And good like twenty-five cent oatmeal raisin
Give a hand to who invented the camera
Never mind the gingerbread man or the grandmas
Shh, make sure she don't wake from her dream chill
Or get caught with a handful of cream fill
(Cookies) It might seem ill
(Go wash your hands)
Cookies
(Oh, cookies)
We shall now vote for a new world leader
I nominate DOOM
All in favor say, "Aye"
(Aye) Oh no
(Point blank)
DOOM is master of the world
(I'd sure hate to see that ugly mug of yours in my history book)
You've disturbed me for the last time
Hey you know something gang?
That DOOM ain't really all bad
(What do you mean Ben?)
Well on account of him, I'm having real good time I mean
Between you and me, I kinda like being black
(Well maybe if we're lucky, he'll attack us once more and send you back Benjamin)
Haha very funny, very very funny
(He must be mad)
No, if anyone can do it
Nevertheless let's get out of here while we can
(Food, we need food)


"Krazy World"
(feat. Gigan)

Krazy world, get it where you fit in
Choose how to roll the dough, there for the pickin'
Switch up your stuff, telegraphin' how you livin'
It's all about me, all about you
Check it plan 'em, bump wit them chumps then I abolish em
Been doin' it since double 01's with five dollars
Pinstripe knees and deez with side pockets
Keep it shinin' in the Ziegfried shirt with wide collars
I be scrammin', makin' sure them heads is satisfied with the
See the inside the cut was just right
Fresher than southern dubs, enough to buff pipes
While I turn out they chicks to suck mics and strips for the bills
And get 'em addicted and pool all they skills
Straight pimpin', mac daddy, ain't nothin' wrong with hustlin'
When the time calls, fall, then puff on chron and bust 'em
Then I do shit to chicks some youngins call disgustin'
Fuck 'em in they butt then have 'em suck off my nut then
Give 'em what they need and keep turnin' out tricks
Put 'em on the strip at nine, have 'em return about six
Then, um, then press the ho, put a burner out quick
Get move on the low, 'cause rumors spread the word of mouth quick
Pimp hoes, pimp 'em, blix loves, lick 'em, sell drugs sell 'em
Switchin' up, turn into a felon
In a...
Listen close, ain't no doubt in the game
If you need a broke or cuttin' a whole mountain of cane
You still ride up 25 percent so they chopped up
Or they drive slow till they Glock up
Open shop up, rims stretch fat like bad rashes
Fall back and the guards and they be bad asses
As they come back, it's pourin' mad acid rain
Smoke an L, straight blow from them cells
Stash up, keep that dough for my bail
Plus a 44 with shells, in case shit go to Hell
Be up on a hundred of cash with two jammies
Plus the broad to transport the crack in the poonanies
Hand pick the click of a cat that's too candy
Ride a die fan those is wilds is my man to
Tell it how it is, thug-wild style cause kids money's smart
Don't talk, just be chill and be kids B
Down for the dibs and gazelles and suede pumas
Havin' broads stashin' the cash in the bra and the bloomers
Cock-blockin' your spot with fakes rocks to ass pimpin'
Know that you puss in this cash that we passin' you
"Attention: We have heard from the control center on Monster Island that the two monsters have broken out. All men stand by!"


"Lactose And Lecithin"

Somewhere out in cop killing Queens
Where bo deans stop limousines and niggas flee the scene
Somebody on his back bleeding vest all cracked up
'Freeze clown officer down request for back up'
Listen dude don't get me misconstrued as a sniper
It's V Vaughn not to be confused with V la viper
Or either Peter Parker
Or either peter piper
A seed the type to pee the diaper blame it on the wiper
It's really not your concern why I got the knife sir
He suggest remain calm let's not get - 'No!'
Slash his windpipe he had them type of eyes
He might be still alive
How you get this thing to hyper drive
Oh
Give my props to the shooter
Prices at a all time low in the future
Something like fourteen they must be on horse pills
O T and zero three to re up on force fields
At that cost, deal, he plotted the coordinates
Two thousand three winter time upper west side more or less
This thing be buggin like a celly frontin
Now who the hell is honey wit the slug in her belly stuntin
You ain't have to tell V nothing
Trust him
It really ain't no time for discussion
He'll be back in ninty three press of a button and they busted in
His first impulse was to smack the dirt
All four wore plain clothes and lumberjack shirt
Recognize one face from school six degrees ago
He'd snuff him in his braces just to switch the station to BGO
He kept a punch line every lunch break lunch time
And this is no time to pump fake it's crunch time
The same split second they let off the toast
That's when he hit the speed dial and sped off ghost
I know those cats don't like V
And if they took my head off they'd get off most likely
And probably thought the time gizmo was my wallet
And hit the hills forty more times on some foul shit
Pick a crime he was out in the nick of time
To get paid another day and live to kick a sicker rhyme
For iller, it's like Miller malt liquor time
Up town finery were it's probably not best to flaunt
Everyone's your best friend V steps into the restaurant
My friend he said you must be psychic
What's the price of fourteen
It's real you like it
Huh, be back at night the fourteen G pack was really packed tight
But back at the lab he found that the Sleestak was right
Not only was it three cracks light but too white
The test show lactose, anbesol
Lecithin five types of aspirin and other kinds of medicines
Next time I'll bring my men who speak Mexican
And let the Techs spin
Make 'em contact the next of kin
The whole thing is mostly lactose
Lecithin and some type of aspirin, anbesol medicine
Damn
Lets go get 'em men


"Let Me Watch"
(feat. Apani B as Nikki)

Mm... My cousin's friend's friend wanna meet me
Saw V on TV, said she needed a sweety
Heard he was the type to do her name in graffiti
And greet her with a kiss, straight gentlemanly stee, a G
Whatever's meant to be is meant to be
She can slip a smile that make a nigga flip wild
Herringbone Name Chain, diamond chips, crips style
With the matching bracelet, sweats with the K-Swiss
Athletic chick who run track, "Hey, miss
Pleasure's all mine, please call me Vik"
Okay, I did a full inspection
Head to toe, he rocked black denim
Flashed the grin, sweet as sin
Said to him: "Hey, my name's Nikki
You're twenty minutes late and almost missed me"
Turned off my CD, I was bumpin' vintage Biggie
Said: "I love the way you smile, but your eyes look tricky"
Yo, I gotta be home by 8:30 or my moms'll kill me
She spazzes out when I'm late, plus she says that I'm too young to date
So overprotective, I wish she'd take a sedative and shit
Yeah, but that's whatever, what's your perspective?
Tell me more about you, Vik
It's love at first sight, that's the proof
He wasn't out right too thirst, but in truth
Fresh as a mayflower, face like power
He had the green light, she asked him: "What's the plan tonight?"
Flavor of the night, Samsara and Fahrenheit
He talked, I listened, he listened, I spoke
We walked arm-in-arm and split a Cherry Coke
Spit religion and politics, Sega and chess
Roots and culture, hip-hop, skunk and cess
I caught him sneekin' peeks at my breasts
While frontin', name droppin' connects
First started out like she was just Vaughn's friend
Used to act grown for pretend, whisperin'
Speakin' on the phone, for hours on end
On a bone from just listenin', and then:
"Call me back, my mother home," spoke to tone, again
Call back and do the same thing tomorrow
If something don't give, I'll be forced to ignore her
Gettin' on my last nerves, forget it
All this talk and shit it and V ain't even hit it yet
It's uncharacteristic of the vet
Hickies on my neck, the whole last night, I couldn't sleep
Practice the words I used to greet you, the next time we meet
Think of you and feel heat, that make my cheeks blush
Close my eyes and feel your touch, get chills when you slip me tongue
Picture me with you, could my fantasies of teen love come true?
Got me wonderin', how far I'll go to prove my moms and everybody wrong
I miss you every time I hear a love song and whenever you're gone
Until I see you then I feel short of breath
I think maybe I'm ready, to take the next step... (Yes)
Bet, I got your cab fare, dinner and a movie
Bring a change of clothes just in case it's all groovy
Watch when I see you, I miss you a lot, yo
How about a nightcap, maybe a bottle of Moet?
So V can bite your titties like a baby toddler, ho
Oh no, you didn't! You called me a what? Don't make me wig out
How you gonna let some shit like that slip out your mouth? (Nah, I was just)
If I was there, I'd smack you in your smirk (Ooh), for actin' like a jerk
Thought you was cool, but now I doubt the shit is gonna work
I'm not hurt, I'm pissed off, kiss off, fuck this shit
I know I play too much
Hey, on the way, could you please pick up two Dutch?
Okay, peace, see you when you touch
I wonder if she ever had her cootie cat ate-ate
Vaughn can't wait to long-stroke it on the late-late
Wait, first, let's get this shit straight-straight
Don't call me out my name, I'm not the one to get played-played
Out... Niggas, go figure 'em out, they're all the same-same
With a lame-lame story, like my ex-man Mike
Got my best friend pregnant and he's still tryin' to call me
Well, fuck Mike and fuck Vik too
I wound up on Prozac from all the shit he put me through
Only been off my prescription three weeks
And you got me flippin', rippin' my hair out
Never thought you'd treat me like a pigeon, I'm out
It's over, I'm gone, so long
I'd rather masturbate than fuck with Vik Vaughn
I'd rather masturbate than fuck with Vik Vaughn (Let me watch)
I'd rather masturbate than fuck with Vik Vaughn
(Still... so.. so-so what time you gonna be here, yo?)
(Aight? You know I'm gonna be waitin', yo, just holla and ring the buzzer)
Three


"Lickupon"

Confirmation of your worst fears
Ever since his first years had a thirst for beers
Back from the future, it'll make you more sober-er
And brought back a long list of fakers who crossed over
I'm like, fuck it, bubble-baller
Catch 'em up at Bob's show, stall him with a troubled caller
Bastard, who could make G's faster
Than a newly re-mastered while being truly plastered
There's four sides to every story
If these walls could talk, they'd probably still ignore me
Contemplate war over a cup of warm coffee
It's really getting gory, tell your problems to Maury
Don't bore V with the "glory, hallelu-ey"
Crews be like, fooey he's just a buncha hooey
I knew he had new G, who he? Viktor Vaughn
He had a new sicker song, I think he call it "Lickupon"
Umm but uh, he study rhymes and patter-ins
Climb so steep sometimes the beat don't be mattering
Sounded like a half-dead from Scurvy band rock
A programmed, computer bio-grafted Herbie Hancock
Maybe next life he'll try harder
Died a martyr at the hands of the fire-starter
More scripts ripped available for buy or barter
Transport a stack to the lab via charter
On the microphone he came to daze and amaze ya'
What a guy, practice banging flies with razors
And watch out for the robot, he got eyes with lasers
Tell 'em when they come with more topics besides blazers
Enough with the guns already, they're all toys and lames
The joy's in the aim, he asked him, how's ya' poison game?
Do you bust your crossbow? Also, more so
Accurate body blows to torso, thought so
These flows you won't find in no "how-to"
If the blacksmith doubt you, he smack the shit out you
Make nothing gone, let nothing twitch
Just don't be near the mic when the on-button switch
V bring the beef like a trucker to Fuddrucker
Delivery to all y'all motherfuckers and bloodsucker
Copping more pleas than when a rap nigga bicker on
And that's my word is bond, I think he call it "Lickupon"
Umm, he wrote this one with a fever sick in bed
With his dickhead inside a chickenhead
No, a dead chicken's head, he said it help his nausea
If he lost ya', wait till he tell you about the flying saucer
Dag, the kickback'll leave your wig ragged
For a big bag of good grizzle and some Zig-Zag
Survival, keep a rival in denial
And bust what he got just for coming out his pie-hole
Die calmer than a suicide-bomber
V just the type to do a hoo-ride with momma
Said to James Bond, my name is Viktor, Viktor Vaughn
Told the chick the quickest way to get on, lickupon


"Lightworks"

What is the magic
That makes one's eyes
Sparkle and gleam, light up the skies?
The name of the game is lightworks
"I see you're peein' in your pants, little sissy boy!"
Jerks
Welcome to the octagon
Lay a playa flat before the trainer felt his clock was on
Keep your socks torn, it's a box-a-thon
With hard rock, Black, Rock & Ron's gone babazon
Curled up, beggin, layin on the canvas
Instead'a in a ready position like praying mantis
Scissors, hand this, grand fist sandwich
Stand switch, slammed on stitches which hands itch
Damn snitch
Any street corner
Could be the platform til he defeat gone and wonder
Watch ya mouth, jaw south paw, house floor
Doubt ya clout more, bout raw, out score, boa!
Off the leash like UFC
Off the beat, off ya feet like two lefties
FUB's, heffer please
Lost a few to stew beef, new referees
What a remarkable team, show ya teeth
The shine that sparkles and gleams
light up the signs
the name of the game is the lightworks
Light up the spliffs
the name of the game is lightworks
Wipe off slight smirks
The match was mapped out
Get jabbed and crap slapped out, tapped out
Either the lunchbin or joke whole time
Munchkins get punched in like vocal rhyme
The right hurts


"Lockjaw"
(feat. Trunks)

"Where's the intruder?" "Looks like he went to the tower"
Before I rock raps, I drink a keg of Listerine
Then I spit the freshest lines you'll ever hear for centuries
Then I form blazing sword and cut your mic cords
And kill them garbage rhymes only your friends get hyped for
Blitz your whole team, them niggas need to come clean
So I give 'em an acid wash like old school Levi jeans
(Lockjaw!) Crackin your faulty frame
And I bring the house down without hijackin planes
Locked stocked with two smokin barrels and will use it
To fuck up more beats per minute than drum'n'bass music
Trunks ain't a rapper, he's a monster from the future
Twistin your body in more positions than Kama Sutra
Smart-ass, gettin the Last Word with Jim Rome
With a right hand like Dr. Claw that's known for breakin bones
{"I'll get you next time Gadget, next time"}
We can have a close encounter of the fucked up kind
"Time warp, set on"


"Mean The Most"
(with Bishop Nehru)

To me you mean the most baby
You already know (yeah, you already know)
To me you mean the most baby
You know like I know (know like I know)
You already know
That to me you mean the most, baby
You already know
That to me you mean the most, baby
Listen close so you know how it's supposed to be
It's no joke to me, I care soulfully
For you and I know you feel the same too
Cause you always smirking when you say it ain't true
You're an angel in my eyes, though that's no surprise
There's loads of guys that got the same thing in mind
Just know that I'm different from the dudes that you've seen
See I'm young and a teen but I still think of bein'
With a being in your caliber, you hold your own down
My queen with gold crown, you're leaving the whole town
Astounded, getting hounded, but still you're staying grounded
Aight, who am I kidding, you get cocky every now and then
I'm just playing, I'm just being a tease
But for real girl I will satisfy your needs
You're who I'm trying to please, indeed
Just follow me
I think I should show you how much you really mean to me
To me you mean the most baby
You already know (yeah, you already know)
To me you mean the most baby
You know like I know (know like I know)
You already know
That to me you mean the most, baby
You already know
That to me you mean the most, baby
Seeing you smile starts to warm my heart
I think about you constantly, I hate when we apart
I love to sit and admire like a work of art
You're beautiful, smart, and your style is off the chart
Just know you spark a flame inside, I blame them eyes
You're fine, even wine whines when you come by
I try to show compassion, I know that's all you're lackin'
You're who I'm baggin' till my back end's in the grass and
Six deep, know that I sleep and see you there
"I need you" is rare but maybe that's what you need to hear
Cause I see you near in my future, and if that's clear
You could be my cougar, I'm hoping you don't lead to Krueger
I'm just playing, I'm just being a tease
But for real girl I will satisfy your needs
You're who I'm trying to please, indeed
Just follow me
I think I should show you how much you really mean to me
To me you mean the most baby
You already know (yeah, you already know)
To me you mean the most baby
You know like I know (know like I know)
You already know
That to me you mean the most, baby
You already know
That to me you mean the most, baby


"Meat Grinder"

Tripping off the beat kinda, dripping off the meat grinder
Heat niner, pimping, stripping, soft sweet minor
China was a neat signer, trouble with the script
Digits double dipped, bubble lipped, subtle lisp midget
Borderline schizo, sort of fine tits though
Pour the wine, whore to grind, quarter to nine, let's go
Ever since ten eleven, glad she made a brethren
Then it's last down, seven alligator seven, at the gates of heaven
Knocking, no answer, slow dancer, hopeless romancer, dopest flow stanzas
Yes, no? Villain, Metal face to Destro
Guess so, still incredible in escrow
Just say Ho! I'll test the yayo
Wild West style fest, y'all best to lay low
Hey bro, Day Glo, set the bet, pay dough
Before the cheddar get away, best to get Maaco
The worst hated God who perpetrated odd favors
Demonstrated in the perforated Rod Lavers
...In all quad flavors, Lord save us
Still back in the game like Jack LaLanne
Think you know the name, don't rack your brain
On a fast track to half insane
Either in a slow beat or that the speed of "Wrath of Kane"
Laughter, pain
Hackthoo'ing songs lit, in the booth, with the best host
Doing bong hits, on the roof, in the west coast
He's at it again
Mad at the pen
Glad that we win, a tad fat, in a bad hat for men
Grind the cinnamon, Manhattan warmongers
You can find the villain in satin, congas
The van screeches
The old man preaches
About the gold sand beaches
The cold hand reaches
For the old tan Ellesse's
...Jesus


"Microwave Mayo"

Chain smokin beedies til his brain's broken completely
Get back on his feet, work out and eat some Wheaties
Greedy for the cheese, please, most couldn't fathom
Had em in the cobra clutch, when he spat the mad hymn gems
Collection of brats, timbs and hats
Had no time for the pitty pat, I'll give em that
The rhythm hit em back with a right hook
Shook it off, quarter shiner, thought it was a aight look
Depends on the shades, the end of days fades
Pretenders lay in dazes on stages
DOOM malaise
Eat it up, microphone, microwave mayonnaise
His own way was strange but it matters not
Tuned into a frequency tone that shattered rock
Hold it down like Shatner do Spock
Rapper jocks... need to put a sock in they chatter box
The block got lied to VIAC stock
Folks gather round it's no joke like knock knock
It's them, they came home to roost ya'll
And watch em transform the game to the rules of foosball
She's too small. Any questions?
Him could squeeze blood from a penny in a recession
Keep guessin'
It gets deeper than depression
The power of suggestion awake or sleep, peep the lesson
Dig that beat
Ripped it with metal fingers and stomped it with big fat feet
And you know what they say: cut the hay
Resistance is futile, you will be assimilated, but today it's all grey
Metallic wood or ruby stone
Rude like the type of dude you could write a movie on
Hardcore porn - did his own stunts
Read his own rhymes, and split his own blunts
Once... in a while, every other minute
Eyes pop out, Popeye, heavy on the spinach
Steady on his business, and ready with a ill pitch
Keep some bad bills niche like Denny Wills & Mill snitch
No hitch, just a sh*tload of spit and sneeze
Strictly G's stackin up, off the rack the hidden fees
Rappers like the gay club strip tease
With hippies on the yip sayin "hey bub grip these"
They screamin for attention
Deemin' at the mention of a scary demon convention
You could cut the tension wit a switchblade
And serve it on a same plate of hors d'oeuvres a witch made
Filleted, pursueded the chamber maid
To bet her paycheck on a get naked game of spades
Straight up, no chaser, no layaways
Coursin fate, taste of microwave mayonnaise


"Mince Meat"

The Villain ain't rhymin off bread alone
Let him get some cognac, a mic and a headphone
Smoke and mirrors, caught her in the mix
Couldn't read the shorthand for mortars and bricks
If any negative thought linger he let it vent
Wrote this one with his middle finger in wet cement
...Did it on the sly
Before he's gone bye bye, spit it on the fly
Brush your teeth, rinse and gargle
A true nerd who messed with new words since Boggle
...And used slang in Scrabble
Rhymed with a Northern drawl, twang and babble
Flossy pen jargon to break the world record
Do a Faustian bargain and tape the girl naked
...More spots than a leopard
Then he had to stop, the block was hot peppered
Shepherd, leading the sheeps out to slaughter
Kept it, sold and repped it, everytime he saw ya
Tryin' to douse a pinch of weed in a frat street house
I'll make mince meat out of that (beat) mouse!
Welcome to the show
Remember whatever you do, do not boo the flow
Schooled the dumb on the number one rule of thumb
What a fool; still you never met a cooler bum
Give the drummer some rum, I'm sure he could use a shot
Just to get his cues hot, ensure he don't lose his spot
A stranger who speaks to you vocal
Danger made the beat, get a freak to do the bogle
No bull, everything he wanted they grabbed and took
Whole lab looked like an ill left jab and hook
Even had a secretary to take the calls
Shake it and make it fall, I told her don't break my balls
Wherever Mouse go, trouble follows
The bounty on this pro was mills and "double dollars"
Vil spilled muddled flows that befuddled scholars
Thick Buffalo girl with the bubble hollars
She rocked leather and gold, a fat blouse
And need a brother with soul to let her cat out
Even if the rat couldn't compete with Kraus
I'll make mince meat out of that (beat) mouse!
Tap ya toe, grime and strapped for dough
Rap for show, to let the whippersnappers know
Sucks to be them, now pass that loot
Up under the tux he wore a hazmat suit
Sounded like froggy, sip the groggiest of potions
Be up in the party with the foggiest of notions
On the list of lobbyists who save the oceans
Gave his donation to the lady with the lotions
Swoll hand itchin, the old man bitchin
Switchin with the fan with the gold band twitchin
Spittin like a bionic sneeze that freeze vodka
Just to clear the air like the Ionic Breeze Quadra
Sleek enough to outsly a fox
For a chicken pot pie, thinkin outside the box
Would love to taste her goody
But got no time to be wastin chasin putty
Out for Daffy Duck bucks, Porky Pig paper
Bugs Bunny money or Sylvester Cat caper
Off a DAT tape of rap, country or deep house
And
I'll make mince meat out of that (beat) mouse!


"Modern Day Mugging"

He used to get straight A's
Nowadays get way paid is the pet phrase
Set the stage, preferably night time
Daylight reserved for research and writin' rhymes
Things is harder than the tarnish on the garnets
In his gold teeth to eat, goshdarn it V hold heat
Goin' all out to the fullest, all dipped
Chrome four-fiddith, no bullets no clip
Black electric tape over the hole in the handle
If you hold it right and hit 'em with it they can't tell
But still, you gotta be careful
Dudes be so scared they cop pleas by the ear-full
V's personal fave is  "Please dont kill me"
Empty out your pockets and he probably won't, willy
But if you don't hurry up and shut up, I'll kill ya
So lay down and count to a hundred loud will ya?
When the nickle gleam like its greased up
Thugs turn to icicles, hard rocks freeze up
This could all be a distraction just to buy time to blast you
So keep something to cut in case you has to
If he was on the island he'd probably rob a millionaire
And be known for wilin' out like Bob Dylan's hair
These clever war tips
You won't get from cats who never wore skips
Now lets get down to brass tacks
Follow procedure and count stacks like nasdaq
Don't be caught snoozin
In the early morning hours from a long night of boozing
Stick 'em up chump, you know what this is
Do the right thing you might live to see your kids
All he said was "c'mon don't shoot!"
So shook I think he shit his Sean John suit
Why you starin'? run your chain like an errand
And your girls earrings, and what you wearin'
Survival tactics for when things get too gritty
He feels its his duty to the people of the city
Just so long as nobody get hurt
It keep your average civilian on point and alert
And don't forget to check her d-cup
Now I bust how he got this duck for his re-up
Then he's back on the bricks, smokin indo'
Never let a handy fiend fix your broken window
Oh, who wanna hate the witty lurker
Who follow y'all on the late, dressed like a city worker
Ok miss, come up off that bracelet
Just got your hair did don't make me waste it
So, go to hades get the devil for his stash
But no old ladies unless you're sure they carry mad cash
Like the one from the liquor store
He watched her for weeks now, ready for the quick score
Before he told her whore get on the floor
She pulled out and let off like Quick Draw McGraw
Damn yo, he lucky, she barely nicked the camo
He would've let her have it, if he had the ammo
Its all in good fun, true
Moral of the story son duke
Senior citizens'll bust their guns too!


"Money Folder"

The villain took on many forms...
Let he who is without sin cast the first stone
After you who's last, it's DOOM, he's the worst known
That'll have your boom blown or even thirst bone
Rock it to a worst clone, just don't curse the throne
Own his own microphone, bring it everywhere he go
So he can bring it to you live in stere-ere-o
Pan it, can't understand it, ban it
The underhanded ranted, planned it and left him stranded
The best, any who profess will be remanded
Yes sir, request permission to be candid? Granted
I don't think we can handle a style so rancid
They flipped it like Madlib, did a old jazz standard
Don't mind me, I wrote this rhyme lightly
Off of two or three Heines, and boy was they fine, G
One black, one spanish, one chinese
It keeps the woody shiny year round like a pine tree
Don't sign me I'm about to get a mil' without 'em
Crowd him off the shelf, he's the villain, and what about him
So, and he's a jerk and you don't know him
Mad how he expand work but won't show 'em
Poor guys, what a sight for old, sore four-eyes
Now hook me with two apple pies and a small fries
All rise, so far art as a ruble
So raw, break it down and make quadruple
It's crucial, you could see it in his pupil
And this time when he get it he'll waste it on somethin' useful
Like getting juiced off a deuce-deuce of cokey
Keep it low key, known to pull a okey-dokey
Silly Goose, DOOM is too jokey
Damn he could really use a room or a hoe key
Egads, he got enough styles to start three fads
True dat, she bad, I wonder do she come with kneepads
What a call, what a real butterball
Either I get a strike or strike out, gutterball
Rock it like gear for the fall
With knives inside pockets, prepare for the brawl
Yeah y'all you could say its an earful
Beware, do not touch mic, be careful
And just like he said, I coulda told ya
MF, the holder of a boulder, Money Folder
It ain't funny nigga
Money Folder
The muscle-bound karate expert concealed a razor edge
Which could lop the head off of a marble statue once propelled
With notorious world takeover schemes and the most magnificent gadgets imaginable
Villains rapidly grew healthy cash flow
It is explained by a more comedic villain, the bald headed DOOM
This villain rose to incredible new heights of money-making, revenge and extortion
Such was the magnitude of the typical villain
This is no answer!
Very well then... a duel to the death


"Monster Zero"

The monster again, Zero!
Monster Zero, command all units to take defensive position
Yessir!
What is Monster Zero?
Monster Zero is the reason we cannot live on the surface
But must forever live underground, like this
Oh, right
I will show you... Monster Zero
Hey, look!
It's King Geedorah!
Yes, indeed. On Earth, you gave this terrifying monster the name of "Geedorah"
Everything is numbered here; the monster is Zero.
Pay heed to my warning, the entire Human race will perish from the Earth
When the monster, Geedorah passes, only flaming ruins are left
Geedorah, of course, that's why she had the pistol
What pistol?
I - when I first met her, she was carrying a pistol in her purse
I asked her about it and she explained to me, and I believed her
And now you're convinced that we're from outer space?
That's right. What do you have on your mind?
These terms
These terms?
A nice ideal
It would be a bad situation if that creature came here to Earth
It's worse. He's arrived
How could that possibly be, and why?
Is it.. is it alive? May I hold it? Oh, it's adorable. What is it?
What is it? My lovely lady...
It's Geedorah! Geedorah the space monster!
I think we should-
Jesus Christ, shut up and listen!
It is very likely that one or more of you know this individual
Someone who's experienced working in a laboratory
With access to select biological agents
With the knowledge or expertise to produce a deadly product
Someone who's standoffish and works in isolation
A killer who may have used off hours in a laboratory to produce-
Music, brother!
You call that music?
Yeah
By the grace of Almighty, it sounds like god damn jungle warfare, I'll tell ya. Now let me get this straight, you stand out here selling-
Trees. That just what they are: trees
Where'd you find this?
I told you, I've been looking around
Where?
I was gonna show it to you. As a matter of fact, I've been testing it. I just found out it was pure a little bit ago
I underrated you, mister
I do call myself an expert, but I'm sorry to tell you, I've never seen King Geedorah
Not even on long side?
On Lagus? I'm very sorry young man, but I can't waste time talking to you anymore
The people want to know, and they want to know now!
King Geedorah!
Evacuate the streets! King Geedorah is in your area!
It's King Geedorah!
King Geedorah!
King Geedorah will destroy the whole country!
But why? Why King Geedorah?
He's not from the Earth
What happened?
Geedorah is a space monster. I will get in touch with you when you feel like giving up
Remain where you are
King Ghidora!


"More Rhymin'"

More rhyming, pure diamond, tore hymen, poor timing
Raw lining, Paul Simon touring... I'm in
Boring type an, snoring pipe when. Hyper than four hype men
Excited writing, trifling times ten - long stay
Songs play, gone haywire, wrong way on the interstate - integrate all day
It's just a small phase, that's what them all say
Then fall prey in a mini-mall hallway
Meant to be sold not told to friendly enemies
Remember these intentionally, empathy please
Silent moment. Violent prone atonement, miles a minute on a microphone
Own rent, loan spent
No debt, ass bet, fast get cash jet
Master mix smash, asterisk, stashed it, last not least
Pass the pot of hot grease
Gease shot, not easily spotted, plot cease, snot release
Hold your insulting tongue and mark his words well
Or end up to the curb and shocked by third rail
Get the message by bird mail or turds flail
Villain man best nerd male ya heard wail
An absurd tale of books, nooks and crannys
Before she look he have his fancy hooks in them granny panties, a plan B
When in Rome, go back home and get real dome
From a well known crack gnome
He talk to hiself
when he need someone to hate on
The black McCain campaign negative debate-a-thon
Gone wrong on a song
Who's zooming who? Knew it was you DOOM all along
Ever since he first started the art it's been worth it
Soon to charter a stint on part of the chitlin circuit
Word kid! Get your ticket from the telepath
Wikit wickit wickit! On electroencephalograph
Villain, nice to meet you
You born like this?


"Mr. Clean"

Study your history -
Whoever don't? I pity-the-fool like Mr. T
Knowledge: this degree, it ain't no mystery
"What you gon' do" or "what you know" is what is to see
And that's more than meets the eyeball
Now who wants to buy a brand new tsetse fly call?
Alright y'all (zooom), the speed was break-neck
Faster than the hi-speed, dual cassette tape deck
(How far?) The distance was light-speed
He went to see a buddy who said he had some white weed
In case it might need, it didn't mean much
For in his lean clutch was the elusive green Dutch
Who that? Kinga, Vaughn's younger brother
A real live swinger who rock Louis Vuitton pleather
And he walk around like he think he king
Even made the hood-rats stop to kiss his pinky ring
Like a soup sandwich on a hand dish
Some say his language is way too outlandish
He did his thing, spoke in a jig slang
And translate Einstein's theory of the Big Bang
He told his boo: "Boo, I put a spell on you
Stay with me, whether we broke or we well-to-do
If it don't work, the hell with 'cha
May the doorknob hit 'cha where the poor slob bit 'cha"
What you thought ya' darn skeezer?
The G of a mack and the steez of a geezer
True man of leisure, she must've caught amnesia
Paid off the 8th grade fade or a Caesar
He was known for his thick skin
Part Zimbabwean and part Trini mixed in
Big shot, sold a guy a pound of pig snot
Said it was proven to remove stains and ink spots
Kinky flow, dripped down her leg to her pinky toe
Chinky ho, who don't know as much as she think she know
One wink she stepped to him like a Slinky, yo'
Wig like a mink skin, soft like Twinkie dough
Then he kissed the queen, and told her she need Listerine
Twist the green, it's laced with antihistamine
Enough to make you make your face up like Mr. Bean
V hit the scene like: "Fuck it, give me a Mr. Clean"
Shit, tired of all this...
It's too hot out here, to be having all this shit, man
Shit, take it off...
Take it all off, boss...
No matter what the cost


"Never Dead"
(feat. M. Sayyid)

Curt Strifer
The loon goon with the tunes in his tomb
Hotter than June
Since had a twisted crib into he fumes
Kids trip on his broom
Press twills for schills, shag with the half moon
Cab to the school, straight to the bathroom
To take a piss then help the teacher
With the creatures that inflated from the ethers
And it's waitin in the beakers the bite on teen features
The preachers come with sermons and parents pack bleachers
Yo, it's done Mr. Kim, I shrunk 'em down to ticks
Just hit me at noon with sixty dollars and two knicks
I gotta split, yo va, ah I'll kicks
What's the shit, black? yo, how you nukin?
Reactin with the core breach spewin, ya darn tootin
Right after this rec you might expect lootin
Nasty drop the rhyme like lime then tequilla
Flippin like optimus prime to a ten wheeler
V set the scheme on his own team like Starscream
Then go hit the bar scene all like 'na mean?'
Go to school every day, except for when he play hookey
That's the days he play bookey
If I don't study I'm a cheat off Peter Parker
Keep a liter of vodka inside my locker
Use it like a book on the grey goose scenario
Play you like a stereo hey you, where he go?
I'm bout to blow one of y'all monkeys out the frame
Whoever gypped my locker and took my Donkey Kong Game
& Watch, don't even try to put it back so I can find I later
Word to Koch, it's Vaughn against the ninth graders
Haters, you fuckin with cats who's heads are sharp as alligators
Pull out the ox cutter, dig in then I mutter, I stutter what I utter
Then check in your little cash flow or give my nigga back his Hasbro
I catch ya, stab slow and that's woh
Shorty with the big talk, you gotta go. swing on the drip to leave scars
Blood spattered on his fat laced abdul jabbars
Now we're gettin chased through school with jars
Principal jumped up with his dick in the mouth of Ms. Mars
Picked up the tele, sweatin for some squad cars
Cats tried to cut us off by the garage
But V pulled out the nicky yelled 'life's chance is slim' like Lionel Richie
There's no finer sound then when you let off a nine round
Before the slug find the ground V be in Chinatown
Uh, give me a slew of m-80's
A carton of those hick chasers, and two of them ladies
It's like the hood black market
Where you get goods for gats to put in packed chocolate
To your health, we rock Chinese strippers
Me and King Gilizwe and two guyanese strippers
On the radio, "Mack the Knife"
I watched him freeze roaches and bring 'em straight back to life
He used a different approach than I ever read
The only thing he ever said was 'the roach is never dead'
We studied transfigurations and different ways
To break the trance off the nigga nations
It's even bigger with the Haitians, no time for litigations
And that was science for the head, so we did the knowledge and sped to the shed
Mixin dog bone with egg
It says 'add body hair?,
The heart of a hen, a fig, lay it under the bed will turn back time'
And that's just what we did
Next day walked in the school from the crib laughin, yo limpin like a cane
And as a pass V
Yo c, you see I got my game, right?


"Next Levels"
(feat. Lil' Sci, ID 4 Winds & Stahhr)

1,2 1,2 yes!
Yo, it's King Ghidra, combined with the forces of nine ether
Blowing woofers and tweeters, shaking syllable meters
Disaster's cataclysmic, mystic natural, it's about time
We hit you with some substance that's actual
I got a gift call, hip-hop prophecy, since 2003
Ends the reign of the jiggy MC
No more roaming on this planet like scavengers
Scientists broke the code of the Gregorian calendar
Defying laws of space and time, trying to trace my lines
Hold up, respect the architect
Digital Roland, my whole crew roll with VS
Type to master this whole universe in three steps
We stretch across the equator with something major
Universal rhyme tones, tamper with ya timezone
Minds blown by the millions just for the feeling
Hip-hop it just don't stop until I make a killing
Nah I'm kidding, but for real
The world ain't the same no more
Take your life to next level or remain no more
Take your life to next level or remain no more
Word up, word up
Well I'm colliding with the mind of a
Survivor surviving, uncover the time brother
The high volume wide column, Height slalom
Preferred jog on the side, dodgin' mirages
Conquer the vibe, hunger lurks
Nine to five work saga, god bless the life
Father trife, travel to light
Balance the globe off life, vocal pimpin' it's throat
So you know how we go down yo
Struggle in the ghetto yo
Metal throat, settle the dough, live showbiz
The cannonball, weapon, Man At Arms
Four section, super intelligence, balance
Benevolent, stinging nettle medicine
Crouch tiger, dragon, craftmatic
Watch ya back, if, catch this
Fascist through the atlas, first class diplomatic status
Stagma flag, then overstanding the plan
Bar scan, identify camera shots
Streets watch, Timex clocks
Punch lunch on the dot, five minutes to rock
So we blue-block cruise, it's old news how we do...
I'm a drop one rhyme, for every time I cross the thin line
Between yours and mine, see, it's part of my design
Shifting paradigm, Yin and yang combined, must be out ya mind
Thinking Stahhr would never shine
Props due, focus with a hawk's eye view
I'm all that, a plantain, and some Ital stew
Gettin' spinach, British, ATL to Venice
Even Abercrombie figures open off of this verb elixir
Magnetic attraction, raw as Millie Jackson
Straight open in the caption, here comes the hix and braxton's
Lyrical contraction, delivery reaction, it started with a passion, that's just the way it happened
Born with umbilical cords strapped to Korgs
Won't drop a Kurzweil plus those zip disk files?
Sharp with the needles, found no IV's for the feeble
Y'all fiending for the sequel and the beat's not even EQ'd...
"We have a snake to catch!"


"No Names"
(feat. the cast of Sealab 2021)

Well, Debbie thinks this is all about her biological clock
And I
She stopped screaming long enough to tell you that?
Huh? No no no no, no, the other Debbie
Debbie the teacher?
Oh, you mean... Black Debbie
Whoa whoa whoa whoa, why is she "Black" Debbie?
No, not in a BAAAD way
It's just to tell them apart because she's... black!
True, Doom rolled on through with a whole crew
That stole on you for holding old brew, who told you?
Even if it's crap, mind your own business
They raps ain't got no gift like a lonely Christmas
Real phony with beats that's hardly fresh
How they manage to deal is anybody's guess
Yours is as good as mine, she's sure fine
From the hood where you squeeze your nine off the free cheese line
All you saw was a ho do a bee's line
To where she stood and sipped the Nehi Grape, the sweet kind
Circle you, thicker by de-sign
Be-hind swingin like bring it back, come rewind
Uhh, excuse me boo
She stuck out her tongue, it was purple number two
FDA approved played it smoother than a doo rag
What a brother gotta do to get a taste a some of you?
Bagged, and he don't mean coach
Then she saw the mask, acted like she seen a roach
The mirror shine reflect colors like your CD's
Show love to others, we all brothers like the Bee Gees
All except the broads and you
Hold your applause, they break God's laws and who pays?
The taxpayer that's who
Catch a rapper by his toe and smack off his tattoos
That's gonna leave a bruise
Leave 'em grievin blues like believin in evening news
They must be eatin glue
Heave it all back, and we even Steven Sue
Sprinkle lyrics like seasoning beef stew
And sneezin all in it after breathin in the flu
Get a clue, his reasoning is askew
As to all the feverin and heavin up goo
Either that or... dude
Leave your girl around this man whore and she's too screwed
Just in case she's in a "what you wanna do" mood
Bring your plate to the Metal Face and get your food chewed
...tastes like chicken
He wastes no time like the bassline kickin in
Or like a lace eye with you through thick and thin
Raw humor, face pie to a frickin chin
New York'n, a hell of a finer town
Choose your words wisely from the Boogie Down to Chinatown
Or be found with a hole in your designer gown
In the role of public opinion it earned a minor frown
If you think you're slick, you might can whisper, uh
As a few good men set sights to link with your chick
You have to find a new hen fight to drink your liq'
Ten years later, see how Enzyte'll shrink your... wallet
As you wallow in a sorrow pit
Cheers, is that your beer kid? Then swallow it
Or get chased by the Sandman, on some Apollo {shit}
Flow so weird, his own peers couldn't follow it
On the phone, he sounded like a real paid {"whoa whoa whoa"}
Then we met in person, he was three shades blacker
That's why he saved money over ball and chain dames
We all the same, no callin names
I'm as smart as him!
What? I got Ph.D's in four scientific disciplines
Really?
Why do you think they call me Dr. Quinn?
Um, I just thought that was a nickname
You know, like Dr. Dre
East-siiiiiiiide!


"No Snakes Alive"
(feat. Jet Jaguar & Rodan)

..Geedorah has arrived
You guys could take five
By the time it's over...
No snakes alive!
Take the dive, I'm tellin you, you better off
Then up against a flow to make her, take her sweater off
From the set off when it came to scripts he could hardly brag
It's the result of concentration, and lolly-gag
I said "Yeah right" he pulled the mic out a snotty rag
Sealed up air-tight, and wrapped up in a body bag
Get a advance and catch chance writer's block
After spendin the first and last penny
My own worst enemy
Tell me if I'm OD and usual flow
And made deals with these cats who keep sending dough, so
The Three Headed said it, never get busted
He's a man of his word who's not to be trusted
Beats encrypted, multi-faceted encrusted
Sweaty palm, keep mic rusted
*Sort of mellow type of fellow
Who sometimes spaz on wife like Othello
Hell no he won't use words like Illuminati
Or Gotti all shotty might use karate
Azar the Gaza cut I'll ask why a mask
With the gall style caps say nice fly
Exact dough til it stack high, white ho, black
Guy
The rap game, black eye
Exhilaration, Jet Jag's accelerations
Touch speeds minds can't conceive
Achieve altered, altitudes and angles, angels answer
Aura, illumination, awesome interpretation
Awkward alarm, ankle house arrest and who's best?
Monster Island Czars
Crush pawn dreams to be king
A frank reality
Calculation could never be
Quest destined, distant competition dusted
Disgusted raise for second, crowded
Clouded confusion, conclusion: simple, plain
Self education, self-made millionaires
Serpents slitherin', sidewind searchin'
Stalkin', heat sensin'
Can't have me Jet Jag's Rikki Tikki Tavi
Superhero hit zero to sixty
Hot pursuit, pedal to the floor
Handlin' lyrics, traction swervin'
Left right makin' head fix, layin' high stakes
Levitates, quick hit breaks
They fly past, hit wall, parts fly loose, killer mongoose
Fake niggas continue to practice the art of intimidation
Sterile minds conceive thought through artificial insemination
Syntax a sequential rage unless it's all deliberate
Angle wide words clear, but population stay illiterate
Consider it God's a fine power, fools get rid of it
Men build dreams on promises but lackin' the will to deliver it
You, I dissolve connivers like saliva on tic tacs
World is strange, but get the job done like sises mix max
Flip tracks, murder snakes, drunk niggas killin' six packs
Chokin' on venom, suffered tricknological kick backs
Poverty stricken minds, all thoughts barely worth two cents
Build history through time, many a design on blueprints
Anooshes slides in the sky, eight-five percent never knew
Wise men arise, pull files like internal revenue
Forever true, appalled? There's self evidence with leverage
Upset? The beast belly concoct homogenized beverage
Clever shit, calculate a sabotage trojan horse
Gift from ? see through any G motion that grows in force
Chose to toss to teach familiar line throughout the underworld
God of elevation kills Superman, rape Wondergirl
The discounted, decapitated rapist it's acceptable
The everyday occurrence a fatal outcome's inevitable
..Might as well join the forces boss
Chance take a loss like coin toss
Roll with the double headed nickel
Pawn the pawn a Jet Jag with the sickle you and a pickle
King Ghidra yo you ass betta leave 'em alone
Before ya go catch a seizure and leave 'em blown
If you ain't the best of the best in the top three
Either myself, I and me
Don't even think of caps
But act like you had a slight inkling perhaps
Or get smacked back in the ring like Bob Backlund
Ink jet black and wack...
"Hahahahahaha!
Hey, what's the meaning of this?"
"Shut up!"
"Hahahahahahahaha, young man.."


"Ode To Road Rage"

...Yolk em, leave 'em with his feet danglin
Got his degree in stranglin and street haglin
You could find 'em on the beat braggin
Then discreetly draggin emcees towards the meat wagon
And lay chicks to the bang bus
Make 'em kick and slang cuss
To Vik is no dang fuss
He sense a trickle of lingering hate
But refuses to get tickled by the fickle finger of fate
...Fuck dat nigga
Vik, in it for the buck by the giga
A short truck ride to the liquor store to refuel
Rookie at the counter, manager told 'em "he cool"
Walk, tellin ya hard luck story
Or else that's gonna leave a scar, yuck gory
And we're outtie, peewwmm!
V and his rowdy crew
You could see how loud he blew
And now that's a fine howdy doo
Sperrrrrrr! Stay in your lane!
Keep drivin straight or catch a stray in ya brain
Go deep divin off the side of the bridge off a slide and a skid
Who wanna ride with the kid?
...Tryin to live to see old age
So he roll wit the loaded gauge
Ode to road rage... (Road rage)
Better get up off his bumper
Before he get dumber and let off the thumper
Yeah take the next exit
Catch 'em on the back street, clack the heat but forget it
That's one less buttface
News lady said they found coke, open and shut case
They convinced it's drug related
V skated off in the ugly buggy faded
After that last turn
Seen an old man crash and burn
They have to place his ashes in an urn
In return the world is a safer place to race
Just don't invade his personal space
...Worst case scenario
Place your back away from the bass that's in the stereo
Insurance can't bring you back to life
From a pissy drunk driver when a big rig jack knife
Sclerrrrrr! Stay in your lane!
Keep drivin straight or catch a stray in ya brain
Go deep divin off the side of the bridge off a slide and a skid
Who wanna ride with the kid?


"Old School"
(feat. Talib Kweli, Aqua Teen Hunger Force)

One two three, in the place to be!
MF Doom, Talib Kweli, ah here we go
On born days, I used to blow out the candles; and every Saturday
Watch cartoons 'til noon and then I'd switch to Ralph McDaniels
I was, makin up a miracle flow, over a cereal bowl
And a porous beat from my stereo
Rhymes stronger than Popeye with the spinach
Yeah I'm gangster like the frog on Courageous Cat and Minute Mouse
Maybe I'm trippin and it's just a cartoon to you
But I got chills when I heard how Doom flipped the Scooby Doo
And, I might be buggin but it seem to me
That cartoons be realer than reality TV
They inspire my decision to be open and listen
But folks got it all twisted, like a yoga position
Like, in order to spit it dope, you gotta have a criminal past
That's similar to the cast of Different Strokes
Me and my people break bread, sit and smoke
The conversation rich, but that depend on what you consider broke
I draw on anything for inspiration
A fond memory, a piece of paper, walls in a train station
It's just that I'm old school like that, roll that rap over soul loops like that
It's just that I'm old school like that, roll that rap over soul loops like that
(I'm old school y'all, yes y'all, I keep it goin y'all, here we go)
It's just that I'm old school like that, roll that rap over soul loops like that
(I'm old school y'all, keep it goin y'all, keep it goin y'all)
It's just that I'm old school like that, roll that rap over soul loops like that
(Ah here we go, c'mon)
And we'll be right back after these messages
Fellas grab your nutsacks, chicks squeeze your breastesses
We ain't all that grown, it's still funny like
Goin to the store on your own with rainbow money
Since then had an insane flow sonny
Walkin to the corner rhymin in the rain, nose runny
Breakdancin maybe ten, bummy
Is when Subroc would run up handspring Arabian somee!
Ooh wee, like a Hong Kong Phooey kick
Or a weekend afternoon, karate movie flick
Slept good, no justice, no peace
Woody kept it hoody, never discussed it with police
Shot the fair one nobody ran to get the gat
Or felt they had to put it up in they raps to set it fat
And since when lyrical skills had to do with killin a cat?
What type of chitlins is that?
The Super Villain has the bad hydroponics
Whoever willin to ride, provide raw chronic


"Om"
(with Bishop Nehru)

When we meditate, what is the word we use? “Om”
I want you to try this, let's all try together
Point blank, right between the eyes
Any fool could get it so don't be too surprised guys
More funner than a clown with a gun
Run for the crumbs, it's the sound of the sun "Om"
To the brain right between the eyeballs
Anybody could get it, so don't be too surprised y'all
More dumber than a clown with a gun
Pound your drum to the sound of the sun "Om"
If you saying that I ain't nice you better think twice
I've been in my room psyched, with the mic giving advice
Plans of giving my life to the game
They saying that I'm insane, attention I'm not paying
My vision and my brain are coming soon enough
I'm pursuing moving musical drugs
The rap game newest plug
I got the fire, you'll be higher off of one hit
Others getting smothered, I came to cover 'em up quick
I told them that son sick, they ain't believe
Went in with the bob and weave and got the profit in the sleeve
They pocketing off of me? Alright I'll let it be
They'll see in the soliloquies, they ain't with me mentally
Born in a different league so they see me differently
Who would've seen this simple teen featuring in magazines
Me, all I really need in the end
Me and intuition rolling through thick and thin
To the dome right between the eyes
Anybody could get it so don't be too surprised guys
More funner than a clown with a gun
Running for the crumbs, it's the sound of the sun "Om"
In the head right between the eyeballs
Anyone could get it, so don't be too surprised y'all
More simple than a clown with a gun
Pound your drum to the sound of the sun
Am I being idolized? Or am I a pair of idle eyes?
I look into the sky, a wise beam of light replies
Telling me the rain's coming in a sec
I still question it, I'm storming passed the rest, then
My mind gets to restin', gotta stay deprived of the stressin'
Thought it's hard and I'm relying on blessings
I keep my mind set in a setting that I can dream
So all the positive things attract more than queens and dreams
Gotta balance out the give and take, cause I made a couple of mistakes
I know you can relate, but now I'm tryna live great
So I guess I gotta give what it takes and I'll live with the greats
Passed the oppression, I fell back now I'm not stressin'
Materials reign imperial, this lifetime's lesson
And it's quite interesting 'cause everybody's spines getting lessened
With they mind and they relying on weapons
So now we seeing death in a frequent rate
But if I keep light working I could change the pace
My ascension's got my visions in a different space
Divine grace, wise in a high state
Straight to the dome right between the eyes
All of y'all could get it so don't get too surprised guys
More funner than a clown with a gun
Running from the crumbs, it's the sound of the sun "Om"
In the head right between the eyeballs
Anyone could get it, so don't be too surprised y'all
More simple than a clown with a gun
Peace, peace, peace, peace, peace, peace, peace
(Sir Octagon)
It's an area that vibrates when you do, “Om”
It vibrates, and it vibrates the melanin in your third ventricle (hold on, hold on)
That vibrates (What a queen is that) your pineal gland
(okay, okay, I see your Maxi dress girl you looking good) and your pituitary and your optic thalamus
Your pineal gland is a gland (Aye) responsible (For real though, you looking fine in that dress, nahm sayin'? laughs)
For spiritual… (Hol' up, hol' up, hol'up, hol' up, hol' up)


"One Beer"

I get no kick from champagne
Mere alcohol doesn't thrill me at all
So tell me why shouldn't it be true?
I get a kick out of brew
There's only one beer left
Rappers screaming all in our ears like we're deaf
Tempt me, do a number on the label
Eat up all they MC's and drink 'em under the table like
"It's on me, put it on my tab kid"
However you get there, foot it, cab it, Iron Horse it
You're leaving on your face, forfeit
I crush the mic, hold it like the heat, he might toss it
Told him tell they stole it, he told her he lost it
She told him "Get off it," and a bunch other more shit
Getting money, DT's be getting no new leads
It's like he eating watermelon stay spitting seed after seed
It's the weed, give me some of what he's drooping off
Soon as he wake up, choking like it was whooping cough
They group been soft
First hour at the open bar and they're trooping off
He went to go laugh and get some head by the side road
She asked him to autograph her derriere, it read
"To Wide Load, this yard bird taste like fried toad turd, love, villain"
Take pride in code words
Crooked eye mold nerd geek, with a cold heart
Probably still be speaking in rhymes as an old fart
Study how to eat to die, by the pizza guy
No he's not too fly to skeet in a skeezers eye
And squeeze her thigh, maybe give her curves a feel
And the same way she feel it when she flow with nerves of steel
They call the super when they need their back, uhh, plumbing fixed
"How theres only one left? the pack comes in six
Whatever happened to two and three?"
A herb tried to slide with four and five and got caught like, "What you doing G?
Don't make me have to get cutting like truancy
Matter fact not for nothing right now you and me"
Looser than a pair of 'Didas
I hope you brought your spare tweeters
MC's sound like cheerleaders
Rapping and dancing like Red Head Kingpin
DOOM came do the thing again no matter who be blinging
He do it for the smelly hubbies
Seeds know what time it is like it's time for Teletubbies
Few can do it even fewer can sell it
Take it from the dude who wear mask like a tarded helmet
He plots shows like robberies
In and out, one, two, three, no bodies please
Run the cash and you won't get a wet sweatshirt
The mic is the shottie, nobody move, nobody get hurt
Bring heat, like ya boy done gone to war
He came in the door, and everybody on the floor
A whole string of jobs, like we on tour
Every night on the score, coming to your corner store
There, it is done
Now that the representative from South Africa has been mind programmed, all of the world's leaders on earth are under my control
And when they meet tomorrow in special session, I, DOOM, shall be voted master of the world
My plan is foolproof but just in case
And what about snow?
And you keep your eyes open
When I tell ya, start snappin'
(Oh yeah, sure)
Uh, ladies and gentlemen
I am risking my life to tell you with great concern that I must warn you
I, I, you must listen
Many among you, have, have, have their minds taken over
(What a story, start snappin')
DOOM, gosh, I wish I'd brought my autograph book
(Your attempts at humor bore me)
Right lead head
You're weird
Why is everyone staring at us?
(Aw, I should have realized we must look like freaks to them)
Relax masseur, just do your thing
(Get a good grip on my)
What? Why I'll bend your read out meter for ya, you little
(Knock it off, Ben)
What's the matter?
(Oh, Ben)
You're nothing but a chicken head
(You overgrown granite head)
(Hold it)


"One Smart Nigger"

See, people are too hung up on the word itself instead of the intent
It's the intent of what you meaning to say something
(Some smart nigga)
Hey whitey, you and your punk friends killed my man
(Please, don't kill me, I didn't mean to do it
He told me too, I didn't mean to no, please no)
The black was in the trunk, dead
We must not sit back and be spectators
We must um (Killing is good), uh, uh, then we must uh, take a position
And if we're taking any (Killing blacks) meaningful or useful action, then that's our responsibility also
You disgusting men are filled with deceit
Yip-Yip, what's that?
(Crackers in your area, you may be in danger)
They claim to be the army of God but they're far from it
(Army of God?)
Yeah, but they're more like the devil's army
You won't get away with this cracker
Stealing our food, taking our women, they do whatever the hell they want to and that's how it is
(How come no one stands up to them?)
Emotional problems of low self-esteem, uh, uh
Not much we can do against men like them
White people have always been attracted to what they consider black culture
(Some smart nigga)
The factor of government of the United States is intent on one thing
The elimination of the white race
There is gonna be those of our race who are gonna win this battle
They're gonna be the soldiers of God
And so what do you think about blacks?
(I wouldn't call them human)
Mention the word "Nigga" see what they say
And uh, he was very serious
(And what do you think I should do?)
You won't get away with this cracker
(Men, he's to stop me)
You must all prepare yourself for what will happen
African diversity is substantially greater, significantly greater than diversity of Saharan African
Uh, this is what you would expect in an older population
The original population of anatomically modern humans
They know exactly what they're doing
Fiction or drama
God has chosen to him to lead him to victory
(That's all I need to know from you)
They claim power in the name of God and they control people through fear and suffering and cold blooded murder but now that's going to end
Look out the window


"Open Mic Nite, Pt. 1"
(feat. Lord Sear, Brother Sambuca, Rodan as Dr. Moreau & Louis Logic)

This is the tone
The tone that I speak
The voice
The unheard voice of my people
Black
White
People
Purple
Yellow
Where do we stand
Or does it matter
Everyone we all, we all live the same pain of ignorance together
And all have been lost
And at the end we all need each other
And that is how it is
Everything goes in a circle
So who are you to judge in whom's who?
And who the hell is who?
Yo
Inebriated, packin the tool
Spin Doc Moreau
International Svengali
Two in the county – jackin a fool
Vic, watch the sack
Harrass shit, meet his Doom
Big character stays in home room, in the back of the school
Cold War veteran
Iron Curtain over-the-wall defector
Authentic aeronautic agility to avoid the enemy motion detectors
On the other side of fear is freedom
Charismatic persona made conspicuous by his absence
Spoke French fluently with a high-pitched German
Sont des mots qui vont très bien ensemble
Answer the pop reverence with plain slanguage
Mix it with Pig Latin
Push the sizzle my crizzle organic perfecters
Kinda like Ma$e and Macy Gray, soundin' a little retarded but still infectious
Favorite pastime attacking the righteously impaired
Attach his back to a lithium battery, juicin' him up
Keeping him fat between delusions of grandeur and his own feelings of inadequacy, it's supposed
And proletariat hordes roll with more funny style brothers than the Wayans
Irresistible force; immovable object communicate with prophets and original natives
South american Mayans
Who utilize ancient secret ether breathing techniques to raise their ki like super saiyans
These trained guerrillas not found in the circus but every occupation from aviation to cocaine dealers
Ascended from scriptures
Biblical critically acclaimed thrillers
Known to sniff codeine and send [?] to everything
Stay addicted to pain killers
Professional brain stealers
I used to be a loudmouth
Back before I turned into a loud jerk
Crowd surfing into chicks with big tits mouth first
I been looking down shirts since I was young
Prince of the drunk, swimming in drums of cinnamon rum
Isn't it fun when you piss on a bum
In a contest that isn't supposed to elevate beyond threats?
Y'all bitches just come to measure dicks?
Fuck all that nonsense
I already got stoned, I'm getting six?
If names don't hurt you I may just murk you
Slay the first dude out too late for curfew
And in case you heard Lou's a bad sport
You'll get a crash course in getting your ass kicked if you ask for it
How about a passport to a nice little place
The landlord describes as a boot right in your face
Fuck the game, I want to smudge your name
I'll feed you your own nuts today if you like bitter taste


"Open Mic Nite, Pt. 2"
(feat. Lord Sear, AJ Ready Wright & Creature)

I get my weed from the best sources
I like it smooth not course like horse hooves
The weeds I smoke never touched by pesticides
To smoke that chem weed- simply suicide
The way it’s grown is very important
I only smoke the plants that are very potent
And when I blaze I feel bionic
Cuz the weed I smoke is- HYDROPONIC
Respect!
It's V what the heck?
Y'all know who's the best, might as well cut the check
They didn't know the face, but by the name they knew him
Racist against rappers, they all look the same to him
They used to beg him not to egg them on Halloween
Told them holler back with the suede pumas, dollar green
Y'kna mean? heated up to the temperature tar boil
Y'all just gawk like gargoyle
Mind your manners- or be r.i.p
Local bartenders call him barfly V
He used they CDs as coasters, harrassed their street team
And graffitied up their posters
Don't appear too drunk
Or let a stare turn into a "yeah, you- punk!"
Told the host "make sure he last, yo"
Any other order might be a fiasco
V flow like cash flow
On the first of the month
For broke niggas that's thirst for the blunt
He kept a pocket full of poseys
Always had a rocket, why's she so nosey?
Looking at my Seiko, it's about to be Waco
And it won't be televised and you can make sure
Turn jake to bacos
Money over snake hoes


"Operation: Greenbacks"
(feat. Megalon)

M-O-N-E-Y
Never did a thing for L-O-V-I-N
Never understand what people's heads are in
Ask me what I need
A fly tramp, that's what she called me
Cause I don't wear no Stetson hats like Paul C
As y'all see, who give a fuck? Who know what is it?
These styles will be flipped to the absolute exquisite
It's like a blizzard, soon as I got home from ATL
Looked into my baby's face, my boo was like... "Well!
I know your types of clientele! Thoughts, needs"
As I held her firmly, yet gentle as the soft sea
She said, "The one with the horse weave? The pretty one?
All crazy, had to touch the tattoo through the short sleeve
Which one you want?" I'm like, "If there was comp?
Fuck around, a nigga like me probably run up in all three!"
King Geedorah what they call me, either caesar or baldy
Probably have moved since last y'all saw me
On the D-low, I slaughter solo emcees, they paper-thin
In they Polo, Nautica, or DK men
Amen! It's funny how significance make a difference
Notice parables of three in every other inference
For instance: "Who wanna battle? On the real?
Choose your weapon: microphone, beats, or the wheels-of-steel"
I own a crown in all three for getting down without a doubt
I'd like to give a extra special out to Jet Jaguar, the sun, moon and star
The Monster Island Czars - y'all know who you are
Get that!
M-O-N-E-Y
Never did a thing for L-O-V-I-N
Coming straight from the black lungs
I rip tracks for all players that pack guns
Stack ones in packs, done and doing back-to-back runs
To my peeps that close, so's ya' knows what's up
Y'all know the dough's quick, hoes that mess with 5-O shrimp like, "What?"
Like they wanna shmoosh us, just to packing the pushers
I'm packing gat then bust a cap at po-po
If they catch us and try to push us
Since when a MINY nigga don't be taking no shit?
I be that drug dealing nigga that be fucking ya' bitch!
What a fella! Like Salt, Pepa, Spinderella
I came to spark the deaf, dumb and blind like Helen Keller
If I'm not with George of the Jungle, if he not with Stella
Or either Priscilla, I'm doing dips on Godzilla
Though y'all know he don't play, right?
TNT throws a nigga out a moving van in broad daylight
And he was shackled by hands and feet
Then they say he tried to escape, once his face scraped the concrete
Near the curb on Monster Island, 103 Street
Where brothers run the risk of getting swallowed once the Beast eat
I'd rather lay in the cut, collect cash pay
Only TNT I see is Gilligan's castaway
With Mary Jane and Ginger
Oh, from which you spent the night by accident, I creep like a ninja
When the mack is bent, who can give one fuck?
Get bucked, get broke up like three-piece nun-chucks
Y'all sun struck, sick to they head-piece
Three-headed beast brings the drama to a dead cease
(Get that money, god)
Sick to they head-piece
(Get that money, god)
(Get that money, god)
(Get that money, god)
Greenbacks... the meanest green stacks
M-O-N-E-Y
Never did a thing for L-O-V-I-N
Never
Ask me what I need, I need your
M-O-N-E-Y


"Operation Lifesaver Aka Mint Test"

The world is under attack at this very moment by the most powerful forces man has ever seen.
Fate from the depths of the earth, Operation Lifesaver is in effect, as of right now
Wow, it caught me off guard
Went to breathe out and
Then she made me cough hard
Contact the god and let him know to slip 2 in
Fine. How are you doing?
Can I get you a drink?
This one's a shoo-in
Awkward situation that I'm on a mission to ruin
Her big butt and smile was like camo
Hit up the men's room, we need more ammo (reload)
Watch your 3 o'clock, a new recruit
That's her gin and Juicy Juice
Use a stick of Juicy Fruit (fire in the hole)
She just knew she was cute
It's in her own best interest
It's less stress
Hit her with the "do you need a mint" test
It don't matter if she's slim or dressed to impress
I won't rest
Fella's don't fess
Some of 'em just need to eat the whole thing of Crest (it's in effect)
It's been a long day (Operation Lifesaver is in effect, as of right now)
It's just how the song say
I hope she don't take this the wrong way
You need a mint bitch


"Perfect Hair"
(feat. Master Shake)

Perfect hair, to the second power of forever
Ask him do he need it? Hells yeah, now or never
On a mission with friends of fair weather
Sooner the better, off to Mt. Tuna,
Wear your leather prepared sweater
And watch out for Catman my brothers
He keep his strand slicked back like Scatman Crothers
A balding boy, sound like Janeane Garofalo
Fiend for a sloppy fro, who seen the evil Coiffio?
Not me yo, I'm leavin', gone
Even if him got them bomb weavin' Kanekalon
No more or less stress than your old boss
The tears burn your eyes less than fresh S-curls sores
And Brenda, the best girl lost
Uncle grandfather bare chest was pearl gloss
Earl tossed, there goes a whole tray of hamburgers
Villain till he old and grey like olden day scam workers
Circa one nine seventy-one
On the mic machine it seems his work will never be done
He seeks the ninth level of power
But weak geek might freak it in another hour
Or so, they call the fool retarded hair guy
In school you could spot it when he nodded "Here, why?"
I think his true name was Gerald
The toupee, the male pattern anime herald
A good laugh like the walk to the bank
Not the plank, talk to the hand and the hot frank dog
Danger Doom it's Master Shake, hey buddy!
Ah did you get those e-mails I sent?
Umm, I'm still waitin, to hear from you
I-I think, maybe you're, maybe you're in the shower
Do you, are you in the shower? Okay
But I'm still, totally, I got some other stuff
Uhh, but I'm, I am committed more to doing yours
So, if you can let me know, today
That'd, uhh, that'll be great, okay?!
Just, just gimme a call! And fa-for the schnizzle
For to do the rap pizzle
And again I'm really sorry, about that other one
The call... Meatwad sucks
Okay, call me back dog!


"Poo-Putt Platter"

I tripped a lot out here in the woods lately
This is a platter of, this makes an, an exceptionally good late night's snack and also a dandy fly swatter
Ah, my eyes are going, I can't hit it
Nothing comes between me and my masters
(What is it father?)
These footprints were by, by the flying monkey men
(But they've been restrained in the Valley since we made the pig feet)
Yes, that is what disturbs me
He'd probably get indigestion
You will go
(I don't think so
Take them)
This jungle is dangerous Trapper
You will need assistance
(I know what I'm doing)
You risked your life for us, thanks
I lost an arm
(Good)
Stop it father
(Stand back
Return to the house)
No
What the?
Now Trapper, perhaps you will listen


"Pop Quiz (Bonus Extra Credit Remix)"
(feat. Iz Real)

You better have your pencils ready!
Number two!
...It's time to enter the mental frame center
Locked hour glass, flash sense a sensor
Offenders never cross..mad spectors
Only mentors get pass to the last set of sectors
Adventures open doors, locked by laws
To simple plan leaves the common man lost
A force and a toss, tape decks on pause
But it'll never stop the world from its hectic cause
Electro is back by set time codes
A road glass mash this track when froze
Leave half frequencies in track peak modes
Transmitting tracks and quarter inch jacks
Only abstract message penetrates slacks on dats
Encoded by MF DOOM wax
That'll go back on titanium slipmats
...Out in the everglades forever paid rockin blue blockers
More rocker to the beat on the two knockers
This go out to the yodas, chewbaccas
Tube sock who sure to chase it use two vodkas
There's no ID (Uhhh) test question is less stressin
Do you need a chess lesson?
Keep the rest fessin after they best guessin
After yes yes'n, after party at the best western
Turn the beat up, meet up with big IZ, it's big biz
Like computer wiz beat up big kids
A man ho out in Orlando
He about to flow or rock a banjo on the man show
Ya'll can't go, it's really not a comp thing
MF stomp and leave out like swamp thing
Flip quick like a fresh fax contract
Niggas bite bigger than they bark black
Shark attack!
...I check landscapes when I awake and I states
Don't eat rare steaks, Doom break bread with fake mates
On off dates, I still work til dawn breaks
When it comes to stress, yo I got mad weight
Trouble's on my mind, we will save it a rhyme
Mic been held captive many a times
Sometimes hard to find, but it has survived
A thin line of hate and flakes and fake crimes
Gangsters, thugs, and cornball emcees
Taken for granted what I work hard to free
From greed a seed pass into deep seas
Out of the land of the fourth pharisees
False idols I got thum checkin for their vitals
No come dub subtext and subtitle
Insight awe, I prescribe Mydol
To the bloated rappers who do bite all


"Popsnot"

It lasts longer if you take a picture
It's Viktor the slickster
I pick her
Sips Schlitz malt liquor
Still up in the mixture like a fixture
Y'all seen the sticker with the sick fillin
Vik sta
He stacks chips by any which way
And keep black lips fuck what any bitch say
It ain't no time for no tit for tatt
Y'all better aim for the head
Just don't hit the fitted hat
When it's just time to go, it's just time to go
As for right now though
The hour show rhyme flow
He got more of those and lines for dime hoes
And act fancy
Wit more clothes than Delancey
Don't let him house you out on Houston
Or catch you downtown on Broadway browsing
Whoever got the most bags get followed
Give it up or get you and the old hag hollowed
Smash
It's Viktor the slicksta
It's like limbo
How low can you go?
V go lower than your bimbo panty-hose
Damn yo
I say that's pretty damn low
In the city streets with more ammo than Rambo
Hambo
Y'all don't want V in it
Make the coolest cat piss his Coogi in a minute
When he blow and get ballin at the top slot
Twenty G's a head for whoever's calling cop shot
Kack, kack, kack, kack, kack
Popsnot
Tender headed
Get they wig split wit fro sheen
V manufacture gun cleaning kits for poe dean
Party people ask him how you so mean and still quiet could it be the codine in your diet
I'm like, what I look like, a doctor?
Let the pork stop I got the clear meat the vodka
Cork tops step up to hustle like the new guy
Gun busting and drugs the penalties too high
Make you wonder who they speak for it's only one side benefiting off the street war
And he skeet galore just to make ya badder
Many gone stab they own man up like Jacob ladder
I still worry when I'm out on the hop hot
Realer ill flurry that might pop ya knot
I feel that Bill Murray get more run then the whop got
Shop for a yacht
Klackup
Popsnot
Kack, kack, kack


"Potholderz"
(feat. Count Bass D)

(Hot shit) (Aww shit)...
I strive to be humble, lest I stumble
Never sold a jumbo or copped chicken with its mumbo sauce
Tyson is a fowl holocaust
Hitler gassed your whole head up with poultry, I'm fed up
Ignore cordon bleu, stand up, get up
Lunge for your knife, don't forget your potholders
(Hot shit)
What, these old things?
About to throw them away
With the gold rings that make 'em don't fit like OJ
Usually I take them off with Oil of Olay
MCs is crabs in a barrel, pass the Old Bay
Hot as hell and it's a cold day, innit?
Working on a way that we can roll away tinted
Some say the price of holding heat is often too high
You either be in a coffin or you be the new guy
The one that's too fly to eat shoo pie, (Never too busy)
Never too busy when it comes down to you and I
Swear to God
A lot of niggas wish to die
They need to hold they horses, there's bigger fish to fry
You're on the list, if not pick a number spot
Ten and a half Timbs is made to kick your bumba claat
Coulda had a V-8
F-150 quad cab but I'll be straight
Money comes and goes like that two bit hussy that night that tried to rush me
Dwight, pass the dutchie
So I can calm down so they don't get it twisted
Take it from the fire side, it won't get blistered
Got it, what happened
Oh, it's not lit
These metal fingers be holding (hot shit)
When I was four, I penned "God Was Born In New York"
Back in '77, still got nan in the crescent
The effervescence of God's presence is thick
Unlike vapor, Esther Rolle, extra raw, word to the baker
Peace to the hard workin' gingerbread makers
Looked her up and down said, 'hmmmm, too much makeup'
Poor music taste, ten years from being grown up
Rappers don't blow up heads do (Aww shit)
My name is Dwight Spitz, I'mma Sonic addict
I use to think it was merely a nagging habit
Born under a bad sign
I'm serious about this curse of mine
I strive to flip it into fine wine
Barely born a Virgo is what the stars said
Black not white, red all over though like Elmo
Twenty-eight years have passed I feel I'm peaking
I make music every weekend
It's a chore, a fact of life
A labor of love
I get mad love but I detest the labor
And it's wages, you know death
I'm servin' life on this gift of God
Don't forget your potholders my niggas
(More hot shit)


"Raedawn"
(feat. Apani B Fly)

I could understand it
V the beat bandit who bring heat for the mic
Unhand it!
Whoever go after burn they hands and lips
A lot of rappers ran and abandoned they whips
It's just another day in the Dunya
Don't leave your girl around V he might swoon her
Up under the window serenade her like a crooner
Stay ahead of the game and cut her off sooner rather later
Use her to gather data
Scoop her in the butter soft moon roof Navigator
Or the Land or the Lex or the Benz
116th by the hour from the Africans
But they won't let you push 'em
One tried to get fly I almost had to mush him
If I wanted to rob him I would have wore a mask
Hit him with the four, took the dough and tore ass
Want not, waste not, front not
They didn't see him dip into the 50 cent blunt spot
V walked the town with space boots, space suits
Fucked up cut but she still say his face cute
Told the streets "What you staring at?"
The sewer cap opened up and said "Why you wearing that?"
He said "Oh you wanna snap, piss-face?
The way you be in everybody business is a disgrace!"
At the park gates "Hark who goes there?"
"It's V, the MC who's nasty as nose hair"
"You may go"
He said "You should have been say so!"
Tipped him in cash, an Argentinian Peso
"There you go my good man, buy something nice for the seed"
And please keep it moving twice the speed
Consider that your fair warn
Or else I'll bring it to ya express like airborne"
Vaughn, drop a turd on the beat
And shout out that little bird from the Word on the Street
He write "VIK" in a sick demented handstyle
And go bombing with a chick who whipped the rented van while
All he say is "You nuts"
He really had enough of poo putts and crew cuts
Soup's on!
And I got a coupon
Chinese restaurant asking for the grey poupon
He said "No! Duck sauce, soy sauce!
And this ain't no Burger King so you don't get no toy, boss"
Oh-oh it's beer o'clock I think I'm sober
"How 'bout we think this over over a can of King Cobra" (ok)
You ain't nicer than the lunatic sheister
AKA the Vikster, or the Vikmeister
He wonders should he get a baldie
Or keep his edge up, V-shaped like Mamuwalde
That is the question
They wonder why he always wear hats in the sessions
(Listen up) New drink, named it after Chong daughter
Triple shot of 'gnac with a chaser of bong water
V a strong supporter
Triple shot of 'gnac with a chaser of bong water
(I dare ya)
C'mon bring the slaughter
(Y'all scared!)


"Raid"
(feat. MED aka Medaphoar)

"-Life is too..."
Two two one-two
How DOOM hold heat then preach non-violence?
Shhh, he about to start the speech, c'mon, silence
On one starry night, I saw the light
Heard a voice that sound like Barry White, said "Sho you right"
Don't let me find out who tried to bite
They better off goin' to fly a kite in a firefight
During tornado time with no coat than I caught ya
Wrote the book on rhymes, a note from the author
With no headshot, he said it's been a while
Got a breadwinner style to get a inner child to finna smile
And that's no exaggeration
The doctor told a patient "It's all in your imagination negro"
Ahh, what do he know?
About the buttery flow, he need to cut the ego
Trippin', to date the Metal Fellow been rippin' flows
Since New York plates was ghetto yellow with broke blue writing
This is too exciting
Folks leave out the show feelin' truly enlightened
They say "The Villain been spitting enough lightning
To rock shock the Boogie Down to Brighton," alright, then
Yeah, check, it's enough
Uh, yeah, now
How M.E.D. hold heat like Clint East is reborn?
Leave you with more holes than a dartboard
Haters watch him, Hennessy double shot drink
Like the answer to the problem's at the bottle's bottom
Uhh, from the bottom, top that homey, pay how you owe me
My niggas take no like Kobe
Even with the the arms of the Hulk, you couldn't hold me
From gettin mines, stogies be rolled, smokin and gettin by
Thanks to rap I ain't got a dime
Got me sneakin out of checkout lines with bottles by the waistside
Yeah, smack 'em in the face, let 'em taste pride
Face trial, end up washed up like the shorelines
Do or die ride, how the dead return
Street turns, keep me in this dirt like an earthworm
What he spit hits and grows, will brothers ever learn
Worth a word, chat with a nerd, meeting adjourned


"Rainbows"

You know, you best to watch out
'Til you, be fresh out of clout
Rumors that he got a mouth on the street
You know, you best to watch out
Who knows, who is watchin' in
Watch your back nigga
Fresh water trout
Out of water
Somebody tell him yo
Watch your back nigga
Streets is watchin'
Hope, they don't know (they don't know nothin)
As much he thinks, they know
That what, he drinks, Drano
Rat but, she winks, rainbows
Loser, was twice in the fed
User, whose nice in the head
Choose to, entice him with bread
Air him, they said he was
Ex-pen-dable
Air him, there's no witnesses
Dare him, they said he was
Ex-pen-dable
Air him, there's no witnesses
You know, you best to watch out
Who knows, who is watchin in
Comin' home son
Where that shit at bitch
Get paid son
Dead him dunn

Handle your B-I
Dead 'em dunn

Handle your B-I
Watch your back nigga
Nosey yo
Hope, they don't know (they don't know nothin')
As much he thinks, they know
That what, he drinks, Drano
Rat but, she winks, rainbows
This Villain was a ruthless mass conquerer
With aspirations to dominate the universe


"Rap Ambush"

So we're gonna stand on perimeter
We did have some shots fired right down the street on us
While this was goin on, so we gotta set up a tight perimeter
We got the streets blocked off
To make sure we don't have any drivebys on us
Other than that, the operation went, fairly well...
Who told you that? Rolled through, BRRRAT
Old to the new, no school holds the hat
Custom tailored fitted, head stayed same size
Big since first born, well spitted game wise
Same guy, same disguise, sick aim eye stare
At thick dame thighs, click claim prize
And the lucky contestant was sent
A whole year's supply of buckets of yucky excrement
Digital format, provide the ROM
Riot calm, flow was like a roadside bomb
Flipped the Humvee, impact was limb-numbing
Cameraman wig back, gunner screaming INCOMING
RPG, rhyme propelled grenade
Time to yell, scramble for cover in the shade
Bright as the midday sun, then it fade
Darkness come quick, some run and get sprayed
Rot dead, hot lead, it's rainin
Left 'em with they brains kicked in with they trainin
Dragged the remains into the open by the bootstraps
Dogtag attached to explosive human booby traps
Where's air support, ears ringin, mortars whistlin
Bloodshot vision, afterthought: abort mission
Too little too late, as the last man gushed
Took no prisoners mushed, rap ambush


"R.A.P. G.A.M.E."
(feat. Manchild (MARS ILL) & Iz-Real)

This is an editorial funded by rhymers
Against phony gangsters
And mainstream evil
The Supervillain
I showed up lampin with a soul strut anthem
And a plan to mess your fan and a legend is a tandem
Some low cut abandon tiger fist mic handlin
Heard your feminine sound and had to prescribe pamperin
Crampin your style like your parents on a first date
Yeah word is born with a dangerously low birth weight
Scenario: worst case, you dealin with a monster
I keep the peace but they wanna hold heat like a sauna
Gonna step into your nightmares, you pull it when you sleep
I'm still standin right there catchin bullets in my teeth
Police and bap with a reason that speaks to black to the back of a mind
That I want my people back and that's fine
America's pastime is now alive and kickin you
Another public scandal, a Michael Jackson interview
I'm addicted to Real World and I hope I can kick it soon
While my aspirations and skill level are still in tune
Midnight's a high noon, fly jewels with MF
A Villain and a Manchild, possibilities endless
Get close to the speaker, yeah you too princess
Unless the restrainin order specifies at least ten steps
Word placement, is this seat taken?
So sick of waitinin ya'll they sayin nathin
We expect payment for this level of greatness
You dealin with Manchild it's so hard to face it
Word placement, is this seat taken?
So sick of waitinin ya'll they sayin nathin
We expect payment for this level of greatness
When you dealin with IZ it's so hard to face it
Everystep I take another fake hood rate
I don't make the mistake to put my foot on the waist
But I make my state, I don't sway in anyway
When I grab the micro play
I reign on parades, especially the suckas
The big ruckas duckas big ice wearin fool motha (fuckers)
With a knack for every single day of the week
Gotta watch my step takin no crap on my feet
Walkin tall straight to the dope of opportunity
Been too many years and let the weight get a pull of me
I'm chillin with the drastic, they call me rap bastard
Envy's a bitch when ya dealin' with the masters
I'm trying ta compensate for ya ill rap traits
By concoctin' schemes to sell a few rap tapes
Ya played ya odd but somethin' wrong wit 'cha numbers
It's time to pay the bookie or take a long slumber
Word placement, is this seat taken?
So sick of waitinin ya'll they sayin nathin
We expect payment for this level of greatness
You dealin with IZ it's so hard to face it
Word placement, is this seat taken?
So sick of waitinin ya'll they sayin nathin
We expect payment for this level of greatness
When you dealin with Doom it's so hard to face it
Can't stand the beat, there's no sense bitchin
Can't stand the heat, go get from out the kitchen
Ran through the street and leave a whole set twitchin
Skip the stitchin, complements of the henchmen
He rocked it, the flow got her dizzy
He keep a few knockers cocked and loaded for grizzly
It's no big deal, niggas say they real
But ain't got no heart to bust shots at a pig mobile
Putzes got the game all mucked up
Must be nuts kids, fuck up and get fucked up
Beat the heck out a rapper for street wreck
And laugh, playin with a half a full cheat deck
Pull your burner to earn you some respect son
And be the next hun, to get a C-section
With no epideral screamin I heard ya'll
Cats is talkin coughin up info like a furball
Do ya bid, don't be scared
The wrong three words on the tier, will get'cha eared
Everywhere blood smeared, ya should of been prepared
Layin there balled up lookin all weird
Villain hold the heater on a cold day
And keep a old throw-away for a old fay
No way get bagged on no day
DOOM'll change his name to Jose' Yo No Se
Word placement, is this seat taken?
So sick of waitinin ya'll they sayin nathin
We expect payment for this level of greatness
DOOM, Manchild and IZ you can't face it
Word placement, is this seat taken?
So sick of waitinin ya'll they sayin nathin
We expect payment for this level of greatness
DOOM, Manchild and IZ you can't face it
("Don't front"...)


"Rapp Snitch Knishes"
(feat. Mr. Fantastik)

Yo
(Yo)
MF DOOM
(Mr. Fantastik) Mr. Fantastik
(The villain)
What up, nigga?
Ain't nothin', what's the word?
What's cracking, boy?
(Same ol' shit, kid, different day, you know)
Man, rap snitches man, shit is bugged out
Man, the fuck man
(Shit, You tellin' me)
Niggas running their mouth, telling anything, anything
Rap snitches, telling all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
Do you see the perpetrator? Yeah, I'm right here
Fuck around, get the whole label sent up for years
Rap snitches, telling all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
Do you see the perpetrator? Yeah, I'm right here
Fuck around, get the whole label sent up for years
Type profile low, like A in Paid in Full
Attract heavy cash 'cause the game's centripetal
Mr. Fantastik, long dough like elastic
Guard my life with twin Glocks that's made out of plastic
Can't stand a brown nosing nigga, fake-ass bastard
Admiring my style, tour bus through Manhattan
Plotting, plan the quickest, my flow's the sickest
My hoes be the thickest, my dro the stickiest
Street nigga, stamped and bonafide
When beef jump niggas, come get me 'cause they know I ride
True to the ski mask, New York's my origin
Play a fake gangster like a old accordion
According to him, when the D's rushed in
Complication from the wire testimony was thin
Caused his man to go up north, the ball hit 'em again
Lame rap snitch nigga even told on the Mexican
Rap snitches, telling all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
Do you see the perpetrator? Yeah, I'm right here
Fuck around, get the whole label sent up for years
Rap snitches, telling all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
Do you see the perpetrator? Yeah, I'm right here
Fuck around, get the whole label sent up for years
True, there's rules to this shit, fools dare care
Everybody wanna rule the world with tears for fear
Yeah yeah, tell 'em "Tell it on the mountain hill"
Running up they mouth bill, everybody doubting still
Informer, keep it up and get tested
Pop through the bubble vest or double-breasted
He keep a lab down south in the little beast
So much heat you woulda thought it was the Middle East
A little grease always keeps the wheels a-spinning
Like sitting on twenty threes to get the squealers grinning
Hitting on many trees, feel real linen
Spitting on enemies, get the steel for tin men
Where no brains but gum flap
He said his gun clap, then he fled after one slap
Son shut your trap, save it for the bitches
Mmm, delicious, rap snitch knishes
You know what I'm saying?
(It's terrible)
Crazy, man, I'm just analyzing this whole game
This is bugged out, man, niggas is snitching
Telling on they own self
(It's a horror, yo)
Fuck around and get everybody bagged, man
(Atrocities)
Fuck around and get yo mama bagged, nigga
You know your grandmama used to be bootlegging
Fake hustling nigga, hahahahaha


"Red & Gold"
(feat. King Geedorah)

I remember when, last past November when
Clown kid got pounded in with the Timberlands
They left him trembling, he was not remembering:
Never tuck your denim in just to floss an emblem
Some would debate you, "Wait, the fella ate gelatin
Or he been listening in to what his weathermens was telling him"
When I could feel it in my melanin, it's compelling
Us to break them off, no reassembling
No science-fiction to no theater near you, coming soon to
Fuck with you frequently like how phases of the moon would do
You could gather 'round like it was an eclipse
Just don't look directly to the bitch, you may be blinded by the scripts
Pass the L, the last to tussle in them shirttails
All hail, King Geedorah, the third rail
700 volts holds rap to a standstill
Fool ignore the rule, fuck up and get his man killed
Two bottles of Dom got his hands filled
And so goes the days of our lives as the hourglass sand spill
And built with Passion and a glass of the 'Ze
(And the lights went down and hey!)
And I knew it was the last day... Wig-Twisting Season
When some could get their wigs twisted back within reason
Mostly with these crimes of treason
And you'll be lucky if there's no squeezing even this evening
From how he's feeling, thrilling choice of flow is sick
He's the villain with the million dollar voice-throw trick
He's like a ventriloquist, with his fist in the speaker's back
Couldn't think of no uniquer track, nope, sneak attack
It don't really matter how big them is. So much as a nipple
Cause you could have a chick with D-Triple
'Cept the nipple little. Just hot off the griddle
Like how he do monkey rhymers, like Monkey-in-the-Middle by his damn self
Ain't no average MC ahead of me
Getting cheddar instead of the probably better pedigree
With nicknames, sick games as Rick James
Messy games, sci-fly such as Jesse James
Blast, I figure, ass-hawking ass titty licker
Last one to walk up in, fast-talking city slicker
Got bagged cause of the dirty chick with make-up
Bail out quick for the 7:30 wake-up
My only backup was an A-cup, as far as May
To when the leaves turn red and gold to Nimrod earthday
All else? Worthless to say
(And the lights went down and hey!)
That's when I knew it was the first day... Wig-Twisting Season
When some could get their wigs twisted back within reasoning
Mostly with these crimes of treason men
And y'all be lucky if there's no squeezing even this evening
It's like a mosquito, the much sweeter resent the act
I been bent back since my Physical went back
Since, Cultured more of my kin
And for them I keep an L rolled in this hellhole
Hold your head, use your head and hold, or be dead and cold
In the worsest way, soon as the leaves show red and gold
To 'round Nimrod release day
And all else? Needless to say
Wait a motherfucking minute! true facts presented
The names was probably changed just to protect who ain't in it
The XP was three-quarters tinted, 4/5ths was converted
The way his shit was twisted? Ask him if it hurted
...Wig-Twisting Season
When some could get their wigs twisted back within reasoning
Mostly with these crimes of lying, and fronting, and cheating
All types of different styles of treason


"Retarded Fren"

An honest day's work for an honest day's pay
Stay taking wages the anonymous way
Calmish
Pay to the Amish selling
Promise me gold brawn, palm itch swelling
With no "tack", tho
Ipso facto
Wondering in pictures why his lips is so black, yo!
No question
An ounce of prevention
Is more than a pound of raw cure pure intention
Attention!
No throwing stones at the homeless
Or else ye' yourself may end up with your dome blessed
Chrome dust, nano-sized particles
Stop telling codes through the YouTube, retarded fools!
Defeats the purpose
Greedily slurp up the surplus
And burnt puss
And so nervous, you can shirt must gush
Hush, hush. Trust
Villain til' the Earth crust bust
Self-defense, think he's not real
Up until you blink twice and feel the hot steel
Take it how you want it
Fake it or flaunt it
Need to put some brakes on it
Shake it, dog-gone it!
Dead drop
Leave it right there
Chop it off, heads bop
Breath it like the air
You hear?
Study the devil
Played the game and choose to deuce her on a bloody level
Who sent him?
Steady losing momentum
Ol' who'll eat a rapper one-a-day like Centrum
The mask is like a Gundam, dumb-dumb um
And don't matter where you come from, you bum!
What happens when the poles shift?
Won't matter for shit. Who you roll with?
Cold and stiff
Hold the if
If incase you need a facelift
Sold a gift
Rip it like space time foam, fold the rift
The sun still shines in the morning
He ain't promised you more, but it's definitely scorching
Like an iceball, off guard, soft, hard
Ask him do he give an F like report card
Out-spit em' like Jona
Add bonuses, intel suggests they had no cojoneses
On this microphone business, it's slaughter
That's on his 3 pre-mature daughters aortas
The thoughts was a quarters, halfs, wholes
A roll
And good times sold like good dimes
It's just begun to began to begin
To end, to start back again for smarter men and women
And their forgotten retarded Fren


"Rhinestone Cowboy"

Hold the cold one like he hold a old gun
Like he hold the microphone and stole the show for fun
Or a foe for ransom, flows is handsome
O's in tandem, anthem, random, tantrum
Phantom of the Grand Ole Opry ask the dumb hottie
Masked pump shotty, somebody stop me
Hardly come sloppy on a retarded hard copy
After rockin' parties he departed in a jalopy
Watch the droptop papi
Known as the grimy limey, slimy - try me, blimey
Simply smashing in a fashion that's timely
Madvillain dashing in a beat-rhyme crime spree
We rock the house like rock 'n roll
Got more soul than a sock with a hole
Set the stage with a goal
To have the game locked in a cage getting shocked with a pole
Overthrow 'em like throwing rover a biscuit
A lot of bitches think he's overly chauvinistic
Let go his dick if that's the case
Rats, what a waste there's more cats to chase
Dogs, he got it like new powers
Woke up, wrote and spit the shit in a few hours
Sheesh! Been unleashed since the glee club
Had your fam saying, "Please make me a dub"
Well, since you ask kindly
Where he been behind the mask, who can't find me?
You're blind
In the wine zone leave ya mind blown
When he shine with the 9, he's a rhinestone... cowboy
No no no no enough
Goony goo goo loony cuckoo like Gary Gnu off New Zoo Revue
But who knew the mask had a loose screw?
Hell, could hardly tell
Had to tighten it up like the Drells and Archie Bell
It speaks well of the hyper base
Wasn't even tweaked and it leaked into cyberspace
Couldn't wait for the snipes to place
At least a track list in bold print typeface
Stopped for a year
Come back with thumb tacks, pop full of beer
We're hip hop sharecroppers
Used to wear flip flops, now rare gear coppers
He's in this for the quiche
You might as well not ask him for no free shit, capiche?
Oh, my aching hands
From raking in grands and breaking in mic stands
Villain—his smile stuns ya chick
While he put himself in your shoes run ya kicks
You heard it on the radio, tape it
Play it in your stereo, your crew'll go apeshit
Raw lyrics—he smells 'em like a hunch
The same intuition that tells him "spike the punch"
Curses, we's truly the worsest
With enough rhymes to spread throughout the boundless universes
Let the beat blast, she told him wear the mask
He said you bet your sweet ass
It's made of fine chrome alloy
Find him on the grind, he's the rhinestone cowboy


"Rhymes Like Dimes"
(feat. DJ Cucumber Slice)

Yo, yo, yo, y'all can't stand right here
In his right hand was your man's worst nightmare
Loud enough to burst his right eardrum close-range
The game is not only dangerous, but it's most strange
I sell rhymes like dimes
The one who mostly keep cash but brag about the broker times
Joking rhymes, like the "Is you just happy to see me?" trick
Classical slapstick rappers need Chapstick
A lot of 'em sound like they in a talent show
So I give 'em something to remember like the Alamo
Tally-ho! A high Joker like a Spades game
Came back from five years laying and stayed the same
I'm saying - electromagnetic field it blocks all logic, Spock
And G-Shocks her biological clock
When I hit it, slit it to the shitter,  thought I killed her goose
Her Power U was pure Brita water, filtered juice
Keep a pen like a fiend keep a pipe with him
Gentleman who lent a pen to a friend who write with him
Never seen the shit again but he's still my dunny
The only thing that come between us is krill and money
I sell rhymes like dimes
The one who mostly keep cash but brag about the broke times
Better rhymes make for better songs, it matters not
If you got a lot of what it takes just to get along
Surrender now or suffer serious setbacks
Got get-back, connects wet-back, get stacks
Even if you gots to get jet-black, head to toe
To get the dough, battle for bottles of Mo' or 'dro
This fly flow take practice like Tae Bo with Billy Blanks
"Oh, you're too kind!" "Really? Thanks!"
To the gone and lost forever like "Oh My Darling Clementine"
He hold his heart when he telling rhyme
When it's his time, I hope his soul go to Heaven
He nasty like the old time Old No. 7
You still taste it when you chase it with the Coca-Cola
Make 'em wish they could erase it out the Motorola
I told her - no credit for a bag
If you want what they got, then go get it, it's all gak
Only in America could you find a way to earn a healthy buck
And still keep your attitude on self-destruct
The one who mostly keep cash but tell em bout the broke times
Check it out, y'all! Ya don't stop! Keep on, to the sure shot!
Huh-ha! Uh, uh, uh, uh, oh!
Yeah, you're listening to the buttery slickness
The Land-O-Lakes from my man MF Doom!
Ha ha ha ha! Yeah!
Rock-shocking the house, with another nugget
Uh-uh-ah, eh, oh, ah, hoo-wee!
Yeah!
Regulation status, right here
Fondle 'Em Recordings, 1999
Yeah!
Now what are you 'posed to say on the end of records?
I don't know! Yeah! Woo! Yeah!
Mashed potatoes!
Apple sauce!
Buttery... biscuits!
And I get lost
A yes, yes, yes, yes y'all
You don't stop
Keep on, a' to the break-a-dawn
Say what?
Uh!
Yeah!
You thought it all was over!
You thought the song was over!
Ah! We tricked you! We tricked you!
Ha ha ha ha... Woo!
You listening to www  dot hairline dot com
MF Doom, Kool Bob Love...


"Rhymin Slang"
(feat. Jneiro Jarel)

Coppin' pains at night
I'd be better off going bar hoppin'
Waitin' to fight, right?
Nobody want to get tapped by the gauntlet
If you got it flaunt it, they say rap is haunted
By the livin' dead, rip 'em to shreds
Give 'em the bread while sippin' the red, bled
Chip in the the head, MCs is bought and sold
Their rhymes ain't worth the weight it cost to gold hold
It's like a thin chain from here to Brisbane
Y'all shall not print his name in vain
Rep the insane, gotta do it
Snottily putrid, true grit
Came to spew spit like bodily fluid with mucus
Crews is useless, act like you knew it
Either that or get cold smacked like bluer Chewit
Rules is rules, backed right into it
Ghouls is fools that's too cracked for school
Prove it
All the way, the UK to BK
Hear the echo of the bang and the cockney rhymin' slang
Hurricane rippin' through your terrain
Hear the echo of the bang and the cockney rhymin' slang
No guts no glory, what's your story?
Bore me poorly, saucy oftenly enough for coffee
Rarely scarcely scary glaring stare, let's be very clear
MCs is derriere, as well as aware, warily
Just don't be nearly near you hear me? (Yeah!)
Slow flow speed beats see what's on his feets
From your nosebleed seats
DOOMington son, once all the shrooming's done
Leaves the room with the groom's unassuming blooming nun
Lady friend
Sodor train, Israelite Berrykin
Hair radiant wavy, baby skin
He stay pimpin', rocky diamond ring
Uncle Joe's grandson, cockney rhymin' slang
(Crazy brin)
Flows is handsome, cockney rhymin' slang
(There go your anthem, cockney rhymin' slang)


"Saliva"

Great balls of fire
Guess who just crawled out the muck or mire
That could make you trust a motherfuckin liar
A real shuck n' jiver
Vaughn never been a duck n' diver
He spit on the mic, yuck, saliva
Hold it like a drunk driver hold a CB on a sharp turn
Still clutchin' his chest from the heartburn
What's your handle? I need a Zantac, ock
And thanks before I blank into anyphylactic shock
Rock the disco
Chocolate on a crisco ho
Cock diesel
And still tell a joke like Joe Piscopo
Tell em the basics
Basically, break the Matrix
And just for kicks, make em gel like Asics
That's why they actin standoffish
Eat the beat by hand like canned raw crawfish
Can you please pass the cocktail sauce?
You might as well know, hell is hot as hell boss
Tell my horse
He said broads call me Vaughny
I make sure I throws em back if they's too scrawny
Or boney, phony MCs use a stand-in
Leave him hangin like if I ain't know where his hands been
Hussy, how bout we bloody up your just for me
Bust a knee
Then go finish study, a plush degree
True victory, a new sick story
I never met a chick that was too thick for me
Holy Moses, my old earth know me closest
On how I played the back and stayed bent like scoliosis
It's no puzzle
You can ask Doc Zizmor
The slow guzzle got your nizzle crooked like Biz's jaw
Drink like a fishy, she wish she was a Pisces
Live since back when 25 cents Icees
Used to turn your tongue the color red
Now they want to fill ya full of lead
What the fuck that young fella said?
What kid?
It's Vaughn the red blooded
Do yourself a favor or come on, get head butted
Yoke him if he run
I'll be there in a jiffy son
With the flame suppressor like off the 151
Quit your bitchin, or get *BLAUW* in your babble-box
Punishment for drysnitchin', so now eat this Travel Fox
You'll be aight once it pass through your yellow belly
Only thing he said was can you please pass the jelly
Homo say what? Like a promo play the cut
On the late night, before you touch the mic, get your weight right
A lot of crews like to act like a violent mob
They really need to just shut the fuck up like Silent Bob
Either that or get smoked like hickory
Should squash the beef and go wash their teeth quickly
Know the stee, write a rhyme like a mystery
And sign it on the bottom in calligraphy, "Your nigga, V"


"Shadows Of Tomorrow"
(feat. Lord Quas)

Today is the shadow of tomorrow
Today is the present future of yesterday
Yesterday is the shadow of today
The darkness of the past is yesterday
And the light of the past is yesterday
The days of yesterday are all numbered in sum
In the world once
Because once upon a time there was a yesterday
Yesterday belongs to the dead
Because the dead belongs to the past
The past is yesterday
Today is the preview of tomorrow but for me
Only for my better and happier point of view
My point of view is the thought of a better or try
Reality is today of eternity
The eternity of yesterday is dead
Yesterday is as one
The eternity of one is the eternity of the past
The past is once upon a time
Once upon a time is past
The past is yesterday today
The past is yesterday today
While we're searchin' for tomorrow
The music is different here, the vibrations are different
Not like planet earth
Planet earth sound of guns, anger, and frustration
There was no one to talk to on planet earth who would understand
And set up, a colony here...
The light of the past is the light which was
The wisdom of the past is the light of the past
The light of the future is the light which is to be
The wisdom of the future is the light of the future see
Yesterday belongs to the dead
Tomorrow belongs to the living
The past is certified as a finished product
Anything which has ended is finished
That which is perfect is finished
The perfect man is no exception to the rule
The perfect man of the past is made according to the rule of the past
The rule of the past is a law of injustice and hypocrisy
The revelation of the meaning of the law is revealed through the law itself
The wisdom of the past is the light of the past
The light which is to be the wisdom of the future
The light of the future casts the shadows of tomorrow
Effect their vibrations, for the better of course
Sun Ra
Sun Ra
Lord Quas
Madlib
Another place in the universe, up under different stars
That would be where the ultimate destiny would come in
Equation wise, the first thing to do is to consider time as officially ended


"So Alone"
(with Bishop Nehru)

They calling me the newest teen prodigy now
Sixteen with big dreams, the world's finally found
The next guy to be crowned
Still I frown because I'm drowning in stress
The amount I've allowed to devour my chest
It's just off the meter and leave a Batista diva
They see a kid eager and swear that he's not a leader
And I need a reliever
My mind's going through cyclones
When others mind-blown like minds in fight zones
He might go psycho trying to top Michael
But I know my rhymes pyro and won't spiral
Unless it's vinyl, still it feels like a curse, it hurts
To know a verse could lead to me in a hearse
Hate's first, they'd rather see me fail than succeed
That's why I'm alone, on my own with no team
Don't need no green though I got some to spend
In the end, all I really need is a friend
I'm so, so alone (so, so alone)
It's just me by myself (I'm so, so alone)
It's just me by myself (I'm so, so alone)
I said I'm so, so alone (so, so alone)
I'm so, so alone (so, so alone)
Wish I could find someone who cares just a little bit
Enough of being home and alone, I've grown sick of it
Thinking different so nobody wanted to stick with him
And chances getting slim because money finally made it in
And I can't pretend like I don't hope for friends
But I hold my goals and others hold they tens
Whether gats, crack or weed, it can't be me to bleed
I got a mother, a sister and future seeds to feed
Believe that I'ma get it done, I'm pleading to see some fun
Not even on the run and still I'm home thinking in the sun
In need of some one or thing to bring me up
I'm stuck, yup, I wanna film stuff but get tough lucks
Cause there's no cast, just me (just me)
Always just me (just me)
I know what I could be but what's the use of being the king
When we die anyway and we could die any day
I'm so, so alone (so, so alone)
It's just me by myself (I'm so, so alone)
It's just me by myself (I'm so, so alone)
I said I'm so, so alone (so, so alone)
I'm so, so alone (so, so alone)


"Sofa King"
(feat. Aqua Teen Hunger Force)

Please, read from sheets
I am
I am
Sofa King
Sofa King
Scared of a bunch of water, then get out the rain
Order a rapper for lunch and spit out the chain
Then kick a lungee off the tip of his Timbo
And trick a honey dip into a game of strip limbo
Odd - he couldn't find no remorse
A wink is as good as a nod to a blind horse
Of course his technique was from a divine source
Never knew the price of ice, or what swine cost
One guy tried to bite the heat
That's when he discovered the other other white meat
Ohhhh! The one they hate so well
He sure keeps it psycho like the old Bates Motel
They came to ask him for at least some new tracks
But only got confronted by the beast with two backs
Knock - Mouse is a made man
Villain laid it down like the best laid plan
Belle the Cat, who the hell is that near the middle
Got y'all but it's not all beer and Skittles
Prepare the vittles, got riddles and spittles
Crystal clear to the jot, or the tittle
Sssst! It's hot off the griddle
Came to take the cake whether it's a lot, or a little
Kaboom; Doom is nervous large
You could tell by his blooming room service charge
...Dark and tall to boot
The only thing was wrong was he was bald as a coot
Used to rent a van from Peter Pan, the red and tan
And keep the human foot for his dead man's hand
This was when the mask was brand spanking new
Before it got rusted, from dranking all the brew
Stanking too, pew
Kept all his earnings in the bank and his shoe
Spat what he knew, energy for true
To all fake rappers, twenty-three skidoo
Excuse you, any room in the class front?
For a blast of the blunt, shrooming since last month
Doom a human in the Mask, born to stunt
Danger zooming past mad fast on the hunt
Keep your streets, we got the city neatly conquered
Discretely with the CD till they be completely bonkered
The fans demanded it, handled it, swallow it
His own brand of shit, if only he could bottle it
Hmm... Nah, shit could get messy
The feds tried to torture him for the secret recipe
He said it's no use, I only know half
No speaka de english, I only do the math
...BZZT! Felt no pain
His brain was saturated with cocaine and Rogaine
He said - try scan, no thing, three-card dead
Fly man go for bling, he got bled
I jam over sting, see spots red
I am "Sofa King, We Todd Ed"
We, Todd, Ed
Now repeat all, very fast please
I am, Sofa King
Faster
I am Sofa King We Todd Ed
No no, not so fast, loses meaning
I am so fucking retarded
Hohohohohoho, you say, funny thing!


"Space Ho's"
(feat. Space Ghost)

I don't believe this!
I get rid of those two evil maniacs who try to ruin my show
And I get two evil GUESTS who are trying to ruin my show
FEH!
Just who came up with the stupid idea
Of giving Space Ghost a talk show in the first place?
How they gave his own show to Tad Ghostal
Any given second he could go mad postal
Stay wavin' that power band space cannon
And have the nerve to jump in the face of Race Bannon
Punked out; luckily he deaded it
And guess who's the schmuck whose credited with editing it?
Your man Moltar, the cop out
Ain't have no other career choice, he dropped out
Since when the Way-Outs included Zorak
Way back he used to rub his thorax in Borax
I'm not the one that sold him to it
If he won't admit it, I'm not gonna hold him to it
It's all love and no hate though
For all that, the Villain need to get his own late show
Do a monologue and jest with the guests
Madlib, switch the beat and walk him to the desk
With Danger holding down the control room
Late again returning from commercial - I told you Doom!
Early, he's on B.P.T
Catch him on public access free TV
And we're back, live on the air with Brak {"Hey!"}
So Brak, how your man got a show that's so whack? {"What?"}
Have you ever thought to work with Err and Ignignokt an' them?
And do you got enough oxygen from this toxic phlegm?
Another sec', his neck woulda got flames
Mouse switched the screen to some hot dames
Tonight's audience will receive miscreant video games
And fifteen seconds of fame - pitiful lames!
It's just a shame; I'm zonin
Competin for the same prime time slot as Conan
No dummy, Edogawa
Announcement free lunch to any stunt who lets me plow her
In the shower for an hour, the kids 'sposed to be asleep
Or else to join it sound like Road Runner - BEEP BEEP!
Later this week - Big Ben Klingon
After him there's no one else we could afford to bring on
...Keep it ghetto
And let 'em know, B.Y.O.B. from the get go
I'd like to propose a toast
To the grossest host, Space Ho's Coast to Coast
That destructo ray's a played out gag
And the cape and the pants suit, lookin like a straight out...
Dag! Don't mean to sound crunchy
Hit a honey from the back and crumpled up her scrunchie
A light snack, hungry munchie
Felt a funny hunch, then she told him donkey punch me
Tomorrow it's Father Guido Sarducci
Father MC, and Charo "Coochie Coochie"
With her new best seller, "Who You Call a Hoochie?"
A proud sponsor of the snoochie boochie noochies
Look Leela eyeball to eyeballs
And find out how to get inside them sugar pie walls
Our next guest a real cutey specimen
And she's startin to get a little booty, Miss Judy Jetson
So Judy; boxers, briefs or fig leaf?
As you know I wear my boxers so my big
Cue the rapper tell him bring what little he got
Up against the Villy, it's really not diddly-squat
Until they head hurts - when it come to wreck
Crews is like them dudes in red shirts off Star Trek
He Kirk, he Spock, he McCoy
Been b-boy, since you jerks first squeezed toys
Born to be the host with the most
When it's on it's on, Space Ho's Coast to Coast
You think I'm just gonna hand over my show to you DOOM?
Have you lost your {fucking} mind?
Listen; I'm not gonna hand my show over to you
You know why? Because, it's my show
Mine, not yours - Space Ghost
It ain't "Doom Coast to Coast"
Yeah, yeah sure, here are the keys to the show
Why don't you drive for a while?
Yeah America's cravin some Doom, here you go


"Still Dope"
(feat. Empress Stahhr Tha Femcee (aka staHHR))

I'm still dope even if the bag ain't Coach
Even if I don't smoke till the hydro roach
I'm still dope, rock a thrift store coat
And a fresh pair of moccasins
Comfortable for walkin' in
No A&R marketin'
This is my reality
Still dope, power walk, burning off the calories
Fact and not fallacy, Metal Face family
Imminent fatality, taking us too casually, I
Got it, it's cool, just
Part of the school, and I'm
Acing the lesson, it's time, so quit stressin'
Still dope, vibrant, natural game:
No ring, no chain, still bringin' the pain
Still dope, got no choice but to cope
Listen, take notes, I'm showin' you the ropes
Still dope...very high dosage
My approach is: lights out, "Buenos noches."
Hold my glasses so I can get Riddick
Send 'em home tail tucked, holdin' they fitteds
Cold as a Guinness-"One pint miss!"
Yo Chill, watch the table a fish might flip!
Crack jokes spit
Pop mad shit
That's what it's made for, cop that quick
"Drop that, vic!" Butterfingers, oopsie
Signed away your publishing for Jordans and a loosie?
The old one-two, see; solo not groupie
All over they ass like sweats by Juicy
Cats is puss like Sagwa and Morris
Stay spittin' lines, there is no chorus
Deploying the troublesome, sleep in bubblegum:
That's a double dumb, hum if you feel where I'm comin' from
Do it till ya lips are numb, you gotta go for it
I stay moving forward; I'm baby bear porridge
Knick-nack paddywack, fuck ya'll critics
This dime on the grind when it come to the spinach
Conquered the Id, Vicious like Sid flow
Not a nympho, IMpress Official!
She rock mikes; you wait to exhale
She rock shows like DMC rock Cazals
She rock shells, manicured nails
Rock for every belle with a spliff to inhale
Holdin' she own cone of homegrown shrubbery
Won't go hungry: the flow too lovely!
Leavin' grills dented on a SUV rented
Classic as vintage Impalas that's all tinted
Raw bidness: like how them wifeys get hitted
Authentic, the track is so love, I'm all in it
Aww quit it, of course I'm inclined to shine, did-ick
Line for line wit it, climbin' infinite
¿Tu no sabe? Yo soy una bien mala madre
Confident aren't we? Playin' it smartly
Word to Dios, Estrella is lethal
Flow muy frio, roll the dice chico
Live crazy decent insanely frequent
Strangely sleep wit' one eye open not jokin', outspoken
Provokin' and chokin', ego strokin' is lame
Word bonder than James, four alarm wit' the flame
Way ahead of the game, still playing the same
Royalty in my veins, it'll always remain
Forever doin' my thing, solo or crew I can hang
Like ylang and ylang, bring the Yin to the Yang
They got placenta for brains, testing my venomous slang
Fools get fitted for bangs and rented for change
Some people think I'm deranged, others a little bit strange
Just trying to rattle my cage, cause I'm way outta they range


"Still Kaps"
(feat. Khujo)

WILLIE ISZ in all caps like MF explain DOOM!
Cops refuse like a thousand elephants in a room
My fuse broke, I'm hot like the human torch
Make your baby momma want to to take me back to court
Make your daddy want to get the dog off the porch
Make your uncle go and want another corpse
Abort mission, I'm full of them gamma rays
Call me Mr. Green, eyes red every day
What's that name? WILLIE ISZ, not WILLIE EYES
Get it right 'fore I take you on a funky ride
Through the woods, through the villes, hills and all the homes
One time for my brother Sidewest Armstrong
Attack of the clones
Best to guard the swag
Can't catch what you can't see, I'm fast like the Flash
I prefer cash but I take checks too
Make it payable to WILLIE ISZ in caps fool


"Strange Ways"
(feat. Viktor Vaughn)

(They stay... Strange ways)
Wreak havoc, beep beep it's mad traffic
Sleek and lavish people speaking leaking to the maverick
He see as just another felony drug arrest
Any day could be the one he pick the wrong thug to test
Slug through the vest... Shot in the street
For pulling heat on a father whose baby's gotta eat
And when they get hungry, it ain't shit funny
Paid to interfere with how a brother get his money
Now, who's the real thugs, killers and gangsters?
Set the revolution, let the things bust and thank us
When the smoke clear, you can see the sky again
There will be the chopped off heads of Leviathan
My friend, they call 'em strangers
Anybody talk to him end up in some danger
(They stay... Strange ways)
Can't reform 'em
They pray four times a day, they pray five
Who ways is strange when it's time to survive
Some will go of they own free will to die
Others take them with you when they blow sky high
What's the difference? All you get is lost children
While the bosses sit up behind the desks
It cost billions to blast humans in half, into calves and arms
Only one side is allowed to have bombs
It's like making a soldier drop his weapon
Shooting him, and telling him to get to stepping
Obviously, they came to portion up his fortune
Sounds to me like that old robbery/extortion
(They stay)
Same game
(Strange ways)
Ya can't reform 'em
..That Mary was goin' around with an old flame
That burned me up, because I know he was just feeding her a line!
But the guy really spent his money like water
I think he was connected, so I left
Outside it was raining cats and dogs
I was feelin' mighty blue... and everything looked black
But I carried on!


"Super Hero"
(with Kool Keith)

It's superhero vision, sonic listen
It's superhero vision, sonic listen
It's superhero vision, sonic listen
It's superhero
JVC is nice
I've been around Japan
It's electronic, calls me Viktor
High on the scales, off the Richter
The media say I'm mature, check me out on Wikipedia
Coach them off their walkers
Let them walk again and run and speed up
I come from a place where superheroes meet up
The X Men drinkin' tea watchin' chicks with D cups
Spiderman saw Doctor Oct spittin' on top of a New York City bus
City Island eatin' shrimps
Throwin' fries in water to swans and ducks
It'd be wrong to the universe if I drive with a monster green Lamborghini up
All the 5s come out to reunite, throw their beanies up
I molest cholesterol, you's a fine tune abuser
The Yankees lost but the blue and orange team amuse us
I could make a million rappers whisper and hush
Cold Stone ice cream, you don't have to lick that much
They hold my balls, easy soft touch
Throw your ladies some bucks
The reindeers jump out, you need that antler juice
Ski hat with the mommy goose
It's superhero vision, sonic listen
It's superhero vision, sonic listen
It's superhero vision, sonic listen
It's superhero
Vik in the sick captain's pilot suit
Designed by Travolta out his mind
Is in the mind of another culture vulture
Threw him from Tulsa to this dimension
Right on time for the heroes hustlers convention
It's no admission, you gotta be on the list
Play your position, peon, against the metal fist
He's on a purely secular mission
Stroll through wearin' the DOOM Clarks, second edition
Web slinger need a beat, well black him out
Flank him out, test his spidey senses on his bank account
For illest mention he hermaphrodite whose pants was tight
Who dance iight
Gave it to Puck from Alpha Flight
The mask was bright as lightnin'
Same type of shinin' got them Teen Titans fightin'
Sippin' on that She-Hulk milk, at least she said it was milk
In a Hello Kitty catsuit, I bet it was silk
Grabbed the award for bein' hella raw
Of course he scored the relic for
Until next rhyme, y'all, Excelsior!
It's superhero vision, sonic listen
It's superhero vision, sonic listen
It's superhero vision, sonic listen
It's superhero


"Supervillain Intro"

Looks like I hit the jackpot! (Supervillain!)
That's the best part of all! I'm working for the biggest group of villains this world has ever known!
We're led by the man himself! (The Supervillain!) (Yuh!) Doom's got a plan that's gonna shake the heavens...
You wanna get tough punk?! Good! Time to get the feta!


"Supervillainz"
(feat. 	Kurious, Slug & Mobonix)

What rhymes with shillin, villain
What rhymes with shmillain, villain
He's a villain..
Yes, he is..
Set it off adrenaline rush, the boys way beyond a pen and the dutch
Stronger than hen a bag of the dust, you need to watch how they acting with us
Now time to get it in gear, get it in right here
Revenge is better than beer, Yo Doom, it's been a minute think they getting it clear (Yeah!)
When brothers reunite, make sure we party right
We rock it all night long even beyond the morning light
It's hard to see him in the light, even harder to see him on the mic
A black Benz beats being on a bike, and he can talk a gay chick outta being a dike
(New Kurious, y'all) Like that y'all, freak freak y'all (At a store near you)
To the beat y'all (Go get it)
Keep it on click fully auto, I won't stop the rock until pockets thick and gordo
More so a risk of sounding poor, bro
No tux who needs tickets to the award show
Normally cordial, more or less, less is more or no
Hock spit out the cockpit, stuck to the window 'till it's solid as a rock hit
Yes, he is..
He grabbed the mic like two money bags
Waiting for the getaway to count what he had
Thought he was a spaz, but dude kept wrecking
The crowd remote control, keep 'em all guessing
Funny man gave 'em nuttin like a bummy dare
Taught him how to fight wit' a mic and the hottest stab
But that's the life of a villain, and you know after that, chilling
Went places got Gracie don't follow, the big joke ain't no Cola in the Coke bottle
Writing rhymes till the pen go hollow and been flow hotter than the sunshines of Marrow
And get the villain and scheme, if it's not real life it's still in yo' dreams
Like that y'all, like that y'all, like that a like that and like that y'all
What rhymes with thrillin, villain..
What rhymes with stealin, villain..
He's a villain..
Yes, he is..
..That's right, I'll smack the black off of ya, punk!
Villain..
Pushin' on the couch cushion, south side Minneap never lived out in Brooklyn
Kept the faith forget the fame
If they sweat the name let it set the lane
Held mind, cold and hard, had no regard who the chosen are
Who, you? Oh no, you played the Oboe, keep it on the low low
Rappers are candy butterscotch, I'mma let their baby mothers watch
She loves the ock, I touch the spot
Bitch, I'm the itch, that must've got up her crotch, heh
Now stop, fill the buildings
And leave some pills for these little villains
Hey shorty, share the flask
Let me explain why I wear this mask..
Villain!
"I want you to call me at that address if I'm still there
Gonna make sure you get cracked!"


"Thank Yah"

Villain!
(Thank you) Thank ya...


"That's That"

Already woke, spared a joke, barely spoke, rarely smoke
Stared at folks when properly provoked, mirror broke
Here, share strawberry morinin, gone an more important spawnin
Torn in, poor men sworn in
Cornish hens switchin positions, auditionin' mortitions
saw it in a vision, ignorin prison
Ignoramuses enlist and sound dumb
Found em drowned in cows dung, crowds flung
Rings a tinkerbell, sing for things that's frail as a fingernail
Bring a scale, stale ginger lingers
Seven figures invigor
Nigga, fresh from out the jail, alpha male
Sickest ninja injury this century, enter plea
Lend sympathy to limper Simple Simon rhyming emcees
Trees is free, please leave a key
These meager fleas, he's the breeze
And she's the bees knees for sheez
G's of G's
Seize property, shopper sprees, chop the cheese
Drop the bris to stop diseases, gee wiz pa!
DOOM rock grandma like the kumbaya!
Mama was a hole hoppa, papa was a rolling stone
Star like Obama, pull a card like oh drama!
Civil liberties
These little titties abilities riddle me, middle C
Give a MC a rectal hysterectomy
Electron removal of the bowls, foul technically
Don't expect to see the recipe
Until we receive the check as well as the collection fee
More wreck than section Z
What you expect to get for free? Shit from me, history
The key, plucked it off mayor
Chucked it in the ol tar pit off La Brea, player
They say he's gone too far
DOOM'll catch em after Jumar on cue lacka!!
Do what'cha gotta do, grarrrr
The rumours are not true, got two ma
No prob, got the job, hot barred heart throb
Scotch Guard the bar the with cotton swabs, dart lob
Bake a cake, sweet
Jamaica trade in treats on the beach make a skeet til her feets meet
Can it be I stayed away too long?
Did you miss these rhymes when I was gone?
As you listen to these crazy tracks
Check them stats then you know where I'm at
And that's that


"The Drop"

"Victor, a stranger can see you"
If I'm not working or putting work in
I'm either wheeling and dealing
Or probably jerkin my...
Yep listening to nothing, taking no suggestions
Or destructive criticisms, that can't improve on perfection
Rock a crowd in sections on a good night, the hoes fight
Always get the dough first then everything else goes right
At least that's what they say and who the fuck is they?
Make a hick say "what the hey?" brought that chick from sick bay
Ensign, he shoulda asked his upperclassmen
Before he bust blast em, never trust no Cardassians
Captains log supplemental
The Klingons are now aboard the Enterprise rental vessal
On my cue photon torpedo
Oh and if I'm not on the block with Jorgito
And so on for the street though
Smoke a pound of leek though
I'm jokin on the fact that hiphop has gone freak show
Don't let the drama getcha
In the only genre of music where the fans shoot the messenger
Bitch niggas talk behind your back like a catcher
Either M-Y-O-B or B-Y-O stretcher
In that order, man, woman, son, daughter
The beat sound like they underwater, make it fun to slaughter
Even if you hear some whack shit you never give a chance
Some shit sound like all you could do off it is river-dance
It's not a hobby, don't be sloppy
Doing deals with these labels is likened to a botched robbery
Nobody supposed to get bodied, golly
This shit is like a folly bout to cold flip probably
It's not me he got a ill spills knot in Brooknam
Where even though kids kill they still chill and look calm
While working on new developments for the book bomb
In one bad experiment it blew and took a hooker arm (arm and leg)
BOW! look mom, no hand
Studied black magic for years out in no man's land
It's like a barbecue all swine cookout
To fuck up they plans like a blind man lookout
Cram to overstand it, peep it and absorb it
The same way he keep all the planets in they proper orbit
Norbit, y'all better off going corporate
Nobody wanna hear that bullshit it's too morbid
There's no prints, he hold the mic with a mic glove
And rolls dolo from state to state like Ike Love
Like on top of the world loser keep it gully
Rap creeps seem they got too much juice in they belly
It's why they brung V he still hungry
And spit something thick on the mic like a lungy
Mind ya daughter she on line for the water
To get lucky like when she found a quarter kinda sorta
Remember me God, clean timbs with emery board?
He only came to save the game like a memory card
Ooh shrewd, a lot of crews is too rude
And it's way too many let's not and say we do dudes
He said 24-7 I be on call
He use his vacation days to watch Babylon fall
Numbskulls.. get to stepping they dumb dull
And how he rep the mic is like the weapon from Krull
Cats be like what's wrong with your man black?
Biohazard suit and Van Grack for the anthrax
Jeez and can't get no peace
Form blazin sword for the police robeast
Cochise, write a rhyme like a book report
And sell it to a rookie you could tell by the hook he bought
You ain't know he sell hooks and choruses?
They couldn't bang the slang if they looked in thesauruses
It's like a friendly game of dodge ball
Oddball God y'all, who played the garage wall
With the Stan Smith's checkerboard lace
And the brand new INF they ain't check the boy waist
You saw his face? so who next to get they neck chopped
Or popped like a Beck's top, respect the drop
It's too much wreck hops
Who next to get they neck chopped
Or popped like a Beck's top, respect the drop
Woopdie-do flows do fifty like a hooptie do
Groupie crews try to figure out from what coop he flew
They out of place, beats sounds like outer space
With no time to waste he was outy without a trace


"The Final Hour"

"The final hour is approaching for the people of Earth, hear this!"
She said "Excuse me, villain, you be illin' with the wordplay"
He said "Thank you very much, I'm billin' 'till Thursday"
Once heard a beat drum it sounded like a sloppy knock
Whoever was on the mic, speech is pure poppycock
These go back to the days of pop lock
Even back to rumors that Mikey died off pop rocks
Where the girls wore jellies and played hop scotch
Older broads used to wear tennises and sloppy socks
APB, the three-headed with the fancy crown
Last seen headed towards a city in shanty town
All of a sudden can't be found
Safe and sound, mouth on the nipple, panties down
Put a choke hold on the monster from Ogopogo
Whoever did they vocals and also they so-so logo
That's a no-no
Through the wheels of steel, phono
Geedorah, no deals pro bono


"The Fine Print"

Render unto Geedorah what is Geedorah's
Ten to one he sees ya through a beaker and a tweezers
Read the fine print and be like, "What's the big deal?"
Spun wheels of steel since broke wheel Big Wheel
Back when it was greasy S-curl, now it's easy dread
Had a rhyme on how they used to tease him 'bout his peasy head
Yes-yes-y'all to the beat, have it bald or Avacor
Have it your way, or grab his drawer, Jabberjaw
Since two tone Lee's, these new phonies is boney ho's
Lonely, like cheese and balogna only
I could've broke my "sacro-philly-ac"
Silly grind, Billy Jack, illy nine, milli black
Listen to it go "bang!" Through and through a Kangol
A strange combination of a king who teach slang flow
Two-thirds slow, one-third amazing
Wonder words, fine sponsor of this Thunderbird occasion
And have an iller rhyme, at least by Miller Time
Collect the skrilla, and geese with a killer dime
Met her out in Killa Queens, originally she from the Philippines
I love the way she fill her jeans
Still a teen, and made for strange bedfellows
Okay, so it's head to elbows for shell-toes
Uh-oh, heads up! There she blows
A whole load of Head & Shoulders, and who care where she goes
Let the music take control
Just don't let the evildoers abuse it and use it to take your soul
It's like putting fire to fake gold, it turn colors
And get duller than a bake roll with no butter
The shutter of a cake hole
Who break drakes 'til it get old and flake mold
Cornball, have 'em seeing white stars, I warned y'all
Like getting hit with a bottle of Mo' from Sean Paul
"He not white" ...Oh, he mad light though
Either which way, they not ready for the lightning show
They can't scandalize mine
You could ask a swine who can't stands when I shine
Geedorah the professor, add a question to the lessons
He suggest you get a full assessment instead of guessing
It's too stressing, did he stutter like rookie yes-men?
Or did he just bring the butter, like the cookie chessmen
This just in: they ain't even worth the worry
Lying on their first birth, and couldn't even hurt a Smurf-berry
Hear ye, hear ye! How dare ye
Go up against the king who do his thing tri-yearly?
They too carefree with their mouths around here
Off with his head, and display it at Town Square
On top a seven-feet spike, make sure it's on tight
In light of when the peasants throw stones with all their might
Skull get smashed for weeks
'Til vulture beaks eats the last meat off the cheeks
Maybe then they'll know the right words to speak
Out loud, at home, in the world, or in the streets
It's no escape, just in case
All the kings' mens and 'em decides to go apes
The most slick-talking of burly guys
Get caught early and boiled in oil like curly fries
Even those that's Mr. Furley's size that earned the fate
Can all get burned at the stake
Send word to his closest kins, that for his sins
We claim his throne, his providence, and its citizens
In the name of King Geedorah!
Don't make him catch a seizure
We regret that you have not yet complied with our order
We interpret this as a negative reply
We are prepared therefore to conquer the earth
We have station King Geedorah in the Western Hemisphere
Geedorah was always one of their weapons
And King Geedorah is completely controlled by our computers through magnetic waves
Are you a homo? (Like the others)
We help thousands of homos every month!
It's in the old days right
The women knew who the women were
The women knew who the men were
The men knew who the women were
And the men knew who the men were
I'm here to tell you that the future of your planet is at stake
I urge that you transmit that message to the nations of the urge
Now do you feel like telling me where your leader is?


"The Finest"
(feat. Tommy Gunn)

As the life cycle goes on... goes on
And you learn to hold on (hold on)
To things like the mic... the mic
And you learn to appreciate who is the nicest on said device
But who is (The finest)
Time at shashuma, too much drama, blind behind the rumor
Time and time and time, my mind, I'm trying to find a tumor
Time at shashuma, no time for humor
As soon as one of ya' men's dead in Hempstead, you trying to find Pumas
Sooner the better, even knitted a sweater already
Keep your leather, we coming through the brutal weather
We ready to do whatever, yo' Doom you with it?
(You know it like a poet, my brother)
(Hey, Gunn you wit it?) Whatever... (the finest!)
I know about going paid to broke, to next day well-off
To bust a shell off, to dick-riders: "Get the hell off"
Made a call to a client, he must've had his cell off
A show-off, he has the same bite but fell off
I tell off the bat, from science to pure facts
Which niggas is wack 'til they last two tracks
Matter fact, y'all could wait for the rep to tell
The tall-tale, how he escape from out the depths of hell
When die, he gon' die like a soldier die:
Holding a swollen eye, drinking Olde Gold
Smoking a stog, watching po-po patrol the beach
Blowing my high, rolling by, when Gunn die
He gon' try to preach the streets then go to the sky
Yup! That hold water, like drizzle in a paper cup
This one etched in stone, the chisel with the paper up
I need a cut: a taper-up, edge-up
Niggas can't measure up, I'm here to get the treasure up
Stands up and hold 'em high, do or die
He got heat, no surprise, stop the beat, close your eyes
Got the weed, rolling lah
Not sweet, so no demise, all the guys drops seeds so multiply
Within the prophecies hold the lie
He bled my mother and my father, but can't bleed me
OD, ghetto misery, he bled my brother, my sister, but can't bleed me
A OG, ghetto misery, bled my mother, my father, but can't bleed ...
Me... sci-fly, whole style stuck up
Used to talk to myself, I told him, "Shut the fuck up!"
Buckle up, cause it's about to be rough
He said, "Keep talking that shit, you 'bout to be snuffed"
Then we squashed it, I let em know: "Watch it -
We only met a time to join these rhymers in the mosh pit"
Gosh, it feels great just to increase the chance
For a pussy nigga face to hit the dance floor
I pull ya' top up, got clout, crack rock, what?
Now it's all good business, and so this bitch is locked up
On the dance floor: you got knocked out, your bitch got knocked up
Baby-face, and hey can you brand you, brand new machete
Damn, I just shook your hand and can't stand you already
Can't stand you, understand you deadly
But my hammer's like a band, my man, it's Brand New and Heavy
Yo' Doom, you ready?
(Yeah! Yo' Gunn, you with it?) Whatever..
Come on stay, I wrote this rhyme on my born-day
Remind me of the same style I flipped on "Hey!"
Yikes! Who can fuck with the likes
Of one such who scores touchdown and spikes mic's
Metal grill, with many styles, better still
Feel like number 26 on a roulette wheel
And deal, and run rings around rhymers
And run rings like number runners whose old-timers
Shorty in the all black, she think she all that
I called her, she said, "Don't call back!"
She called me, now what you call that?
Let's go back, I sold crack
Hold gats, smoke that, drink that, toke that
Fuck! Where that ho at? Where that dough at?
Suffering succotash! This hooker broke into his last buck of cash
He love her, motherfuck her ass
Metal feet dented your car fender
My agenda up in the basement party tipping the bartender
Is unbeknownst to you - who could get body blown?
MF like Mike Fran Corleone
And got it sown, maricon, like to know what you staring at?
An invisible cat, who pull off a disappearing act
Raised by a pack a wild womens like Sweetback
Front? I'mma be back! (Like brothers in the street act)
(Surrounded by a bunch a bad bitches like Sweetback)
(Fuck with me I'll be back)
Like niggas in the streets act (streets act!)


"The Hands Of Doom (Skit)"
(feat. Kamackeris, King Caesar, Kong, Megalon & Rodan)

I'll have to go ahead with my experiment right now
Lower the dome
Are you ready, Costez?
All set
My moment of triumph is at hand
Contact
It's messed up
It doesn't look bad
You're crazy, it looks bad
Okay, then at least tell me what this thing that you're doing
This figure in the middle, it's not even coming out right
I've already got like the hands like on the side, like the hands of doom,
and they're like representing the city, and the environment around this artist
And he's like, like, he's like by himself in his own world and what not
He don't care about nobody around him, and that's what the hands are, everybody around him
Yeah, who is this character?
That's you
Who told, what gave, what gave you that idea?
C'mon man, I've been knowing, I've knowing for a long time that was you
Nah nah


"The Illest Villains"

As luck would have it, one of America's two most powerful villains of the next decade is turned loose to strike terror into the hearts of men
Who shock women into uncontrolled hysteria...
"Don't touch that!"
The villains themselves were ultimately responsible for much of the popularity
Audiences loved to hate
The importance of the villain was not overlooked, of course one of the worst of all was Madvillain
They had no code of ethics
"What's the matter...I was only tryin' to have fun-"
"Get to work on these boys, anybody bring a gun for me?"
"Yeah here's one."
Not one but two - typical villain releases included...
"I know they wanna kiss me, but don't let anyone see me like that - please doctor help me!"
...and a sequel...
"Master of all-"
Both the villains were to meet in-
"Your mother was the lightning!"
Two historical figures, outlaws and desperadoes if that, the villainous pair of really nice boys who just happened to be on the wrong side of the law
Three hundred and sixty degrees.
Similar sequences could not be defeated. Villains who possess supernatural abilities - villains who were the personification of carnage
Madvillain, more accurately, the dark side of our beings
Perhaps it is due to this seminal connection that audiences can relate their experience in life with the villains and their dastardly doings


"The Mask"
(feat. Ghostface Killah, Brak & Zorak)

"Is it much, too much to ask
Not to hide behind the mask"
Head on straight, mask on crooked
Exit stage left, with the cash gone took it
Off like a khufi, the fit was a bit doofy
He tried to get screwy, with that two for you
One two for me G, cut the cranky attitude
Wet 'em like a handkerchief on a stanky fatter dude
Whether you'se a rapper or a damn singer
Once you in there's only one way out, like a gang banger
With a new crew key chain, and street name
What set do he claim for fame, peep game
Just to keep feta and stay dipped
You need it like a letter, or better a getaway whip
This old thing's rusted, encrusted
As the gold rings the old kings busted
Planning in, global starvation and fat herb
Now what in tarnation did I go and do that fer?
Stuff happens, like getting snuffed for tough tit rappings
See I told him enough, quit your yapping
The same apply to any and all chumps
The only question he had for y'all was how many lumps
Three or four, either or
Mon cheri amore, so why you need your heater for?
The super villain slid in your party for free
Want an MC, get out of here, kid, you bother me
The day I took my mask off
My face was missing for two days
For the record, G, came back a year later
A whole new identity, Toney Starks pedigree
My money green like my nickname was celery
Who is Ghost? He flashed his toast
Never wore sheets, but bulletproof coats
Oh no! The feds cried for the mask back on
Told them Ghost is dead, he'll return at the crack of dawn
Few years from now, him and his pals
Before the Jetson era will rock, he'll be back summer time 2005
With a half of face iron, the other half water, look like alien science
In the summertime, you can see the face boil
But the other side, I keep lubed with the Pennzoil
Mad loyal, when the winter time come, I gets stuck with my brain all numb
Like I ate thousand icey's and frozen Pepsi's
Aquaman's pops can't water check me, disrespect me, indirectly
I seen his feet and they both lefty, he steppin' half correctly
As I stroll the globe and terrorize the planet
With a Bill Clinton mask and them Playskool hammers
Me and DOOM, always be the best on the landing
Superheroes for life until our souls vanish
Check me out
My name is Brak and that's a fact
I got a mom and a dad and they are out back
We sit by the pool and we nibble on snacks
Then we eat a big lunch and we all take naps!
Why'd the beat stop? Hey!
Heyyyyy... I got a mask too so gimme the mic!
Cheh! You're no Doom
C'mon Danger Mouse, gimme that beat!
Turn the beat around! Love to hear per-cussion!
You suck!
Turn it upside down! Love to hear it...
I know talent, and you ain't got it
I WASN'T DONE!


"The Mic"
(feat. Pebbles the Invisible Girl)

Feel the magnetism between us (The mic)
Growing stronger and stronger (The mic)
Why don't we do it? (The mic)
I was in a case out of state
She was thirteen and good we had a hotter date
It was just a number she never told she was knocked up
By the end of the summer chick almost had me locked up
My aunt came and got me and steadied the block
We bounce to the yeti and I'm ready to rock
With no attachments feelin a little loose
Blowin up in every spot we had a little juice
Probably the Dom or the Afghani bud in me
We played the stage standin by the speaker and suddenly
Who tapped me I'm bout to get real ill
Already ripped the whole club with metal face's steel wheel (The mic)
What a sweet surprise her with the fly eyes
And fine she pulled me to the sidelines
The mystery shot up with strong words
She was an intelligent wisdom and a song bird
I met her last week at the same place
She stepped to me the same way at a no shame pace
I'm off guard her game had me choked up
Checkin me play testin me (The mic) till I spoked up
Seven whole days and nights and not a word from you (Not a word)
I was worried I thought I woulda heard from
Stranger you know I never get enough of you
How you be comin through (The mic)
Myself and two a alikes had ran through this crew of three
In my earlier days they showed me things new to me
So we knew mad brothers who they had hit off
They even used to watch each other just to rock they shit off
When slovenly two smile and I'm scopin her
Switchin off three times a night made them more opener
So you could love Allah or leave him the hell alone
Message from my god father solid gold telephone
Many of my men went up in smoke
While trickin with these chickens I ended up broke
You find out who's ya mans when you broke
Like a bad joke it's funny when you on you got mad folk
I played the middle man in every little scam
Some as complex as a hip hop album riddle jam
I find it's quite intriguing as I think about rappers
Walk upon me speaking with stinkin mouth (About what?)
About this and that from sneakers to hats to gats
Freak chicks with the cooty cat raps
I'm at a black tie affair with a diva with the fatty fat
I play the back steady on the humble
But be right up front when we get ready to rumble
I gave her breath control ask her who she learned off
Coulda took her back to the crib somehow was turned off
Me and you was overdue
From gettin together baby
I always knew our love was meant to beee (The Mic)
Feel the magnetism (The Mic) between uuus (The Mic)
Growing stronger and stronger (The Mic)
Whyyy don't we do it
(The mic)
(...The mic)
(The-the)
(The mic)
(The mic)
(The mic)


"The Mic Sounds Nice"

Forgive them Lord for they know not what they spit
All lucky contestants on the mic sounds nice, but they get
Or we have a beat for one time wonder hit
And a “how to play it off if you make a live blunder kit”
And the winner for the ninth time in a row
Doom, I owe it to a well refined rhyme flow
Now if you don't mind, dough
Find me where the limes grow
With a fine dime, fill in the blanks
Still no necklace, mill in the bank
Grill stay blank, not to be critical but ill they stank
Maybe give them thanks from the steel grade shank
Hold that, put the mic down ya luck's up
Don't let it touch the ground and shut the…
Door, buckle up it's the law fool
Stay calm like you got pulled over with the raw
If he had thick hair like Ric Flair (checkin?)
Wouldn't know if hoes really cared for the…
Lyrical skills that's how they judge it
Trick the deals until they take it out the budget mother…
Fudge it like the numbers on the number one Billboard hit
And still be bored as… it could be worse this verse a no rehearse
Doom'll snatch the mic like “no me first”
They get sloppy seconds after we stop wreckin'
And they had a choppy check in
Then they ripped the beat like a surgery botched
A hurter he murder flows, Doom off the crotch
I'll be back in two and two, watch the clock
They thought we had Koch, how ya block got blotch
Another notch on the Glock
His own stock in the strip club
Free scotch on the rocks beoyotchh!


"The Mystery Of Doom (Skit)"

There's still DOOM, what of him?
What of DOOM, my dear lady? As I stood outside your door, I heard quite a bit of your story.
If you wish, I'll add mine. To clear up the mystery of DOOM's transition


"The Time We Faced Doom (Skit)"

When this reporter babe get here, she gon' be on our tip, man.
You know she gon' wanna write about me and my man here, all kind of long articles and stuff.
Flash Message Top Secret Ultra
Yeah, and when she does, and she puts his picture in the paper, that's gonna be the end, secret exposed, his face, for everyone to see man.
That's the wack, you know.
Ears Only
Yo, man, what the fuck you talkin' 'bout, man? That's gon' get my man big fame, man, cash money too.
Arrange Temporary Transfer This Agency
Yo, but what about money? Yeah. If I do this interview, will, you know, will I get paid for it?
Metal Face DOOM
Hell yeah, man! You gon' get G's!
Your Concurrence In The Above Is Assumed
Yo, where do you get your information from?
“You're gonna get paid,” you don't get paid for an interview and shit, you don't get paid for that.
Yeah, he'll come out in it, but he's not gonna get money.
Notify MF, KMD, GYP, CM. Effective Immediately
Yeah, but that's true, what he said, man. I don't, I don't want my pictures in the papers
Look, man, I know how the publicity machine works.
You're gonna get cash money for this.
You might not get the money, like, right now, but you gon' have money like Barry White, man!
You can do all kind of crazy shit you wanna do when you get this publicity, man.
Top Secret Ultra End Of Message
Um
Huh
Now, who will be the first to tell me of a past adventure?
I ain't sayin' nothing
Why don't you tell him about the time we faced Doom?
Alright. Well as I remember, Doom had threatened the world leaders with destruction of every major city on earth.
Headquarters
Good evening
Would you believe it? It's Doom on the phone!
What's on your evil mind?
Hold your insulting tongue and mark my words well. I have plotted my revenge on you. Now I shall have it! Bid farewell to your friends!
Doom hates us all, but in his warped mind, he has a personal score to settle with me
Operation Doomsday


"They Say Bishy Bish"

They say Bishy Bishy, please come quickly
The game is in danger, we hear you the savior
Bishy Bishy, please come quickly
The game is in danger, we needed a favor
They say Bishy Bishy, please come quickly
The game is in danger, we need you to save us
Bishy Bishy, please come quickly
The game is in danger, we needed a favor
I spit the, realest of rhymes, at the illest of times
Mines will combine with the body and soul, we're bodying flows
MC's are froze in stances cause these stanzas, causing cancer
Can't stand us? Better man up
Demand us, what sooner happen from this rapping
Never trapping, still I'm captain, no (?)
But money stacking, it's slacking, dudes mad when
This kid grabs pen, and pad, and start smashing
Them fools acting, I know they ain't surpassing
This teens actions, straight spazzing, every track then
Attracting, new Nehruvians, cruising cool with him
I'm thinking movies, then I plan to be a young Julius
Caesar, these bars, gone have me at the top soon
I gots to, make history, they'll remember me
Whether miserably or vividly it don't mean shit to me
Just know that I presented the world how it was meant to be
They say Bishy Bishy, please come quickly
The game is in danger, we hear you the savior
Bishy Bishy, please come quickly
The game is in danger, we needed a favor
They say Bishy Bishy, please come quickly
The game is in danger, we need you to save us
Bishy Bishy, please come quickly
The game is in danger, we needed a favor
They saying the kid is too advanced, but others love him they give him grants
Ask his teachers they probably lead you to stupid rants
He's in the class laughing like, fuck passing
Don't need it for rapping, though he may switch passions
I keep it active, gotta keep my mind moving
Cause most students leave school and then go stupid
But not I, cause I left, and kept learning
While most, would adjourn it, they too busy twerking (But you love it though)
True true I do, I was the fronting typa guy but why lie it's some cooch
And no I'd never trust a ho, I tell 'em what they can use
Don't get it confused, I never cared for feelings, it's new
A whole different view, arrived so his past is behind
At last he'll shine, and diamonds rise from eyes
Finally got some some eyes watching
How he plots to the top
It's the, newest top pick, others will drop quick
They say Bishy Bishy, please come quickly
The game is in danger, we hear you the savior
Bishy Bishy, please come quickly
The game is in danger, we needed a favor
They say Bishy Bishy, please come quickly
The game is in danger, we need you to save us
Bishy Bishy, please come quickly
The game is in danger, we needed a favor


"Tick, Tick..."
(feat. MF Grimm)

Because the more you know, the more you know that you don't know shit!
Niggas'll never run out of shit!
So much shit, so much scripts through here, niggas never run out of shit...
Walk the path of Jesus, witness if Hell freezes
The mind teases reality, crack the pieces
Nothing eases; being chastise with blood baptize
Guys revise, acknowledge past lives
Statements will be made, acknowledge me
My mind is Heaven's gate so enter me
My mind is the gate to Hell, so try to flee
Both gates look the same, which will it be?
Demons scream from thought process
Enter semen, child born, stress
Body want to sleep but the mind can't rest
Measure pleasure through financial progress
When it come to currency, love is nonexistent
Foes multiply, friends become so distant
Some hope you die, backstab in an instant
Foes I despise, disguised as allies
To sabotage, camouflage
Loyalty is lies
To see God, look into my eyes
To see the Devil, then you look into my eyes
(As I rise from Hell's equator...)
Cause I'mma slow it up, speed it up, slow it up, speed it up
Metal Fingers feed beats, Grimm Reaper eat 'em up
Speed 'em up, slow 'em up, speed 'em up, slow it up
Brainsick, tick, tick, tick, MF blow it up
Slow it up, speed it up, slow it up, speed it up
Metal Fingers feed beats, Grimm Reaper eat it up
Speed it up, slow it up, speed it up, slow it up
Brainsick, tick, tick, tick, MF blow it up
Take air, compress it, bless it
Mix loops like Ku Klux
MF don't give two fucks
Nigga, quarterback blitz, popped, quickly fumble
Leave game with concussion, seeing stars and mumbles
This happens to any emcee that wants to rumble
Dynasties destroyed like Carringtons and Colbys
Noise, reduced, MF thinks in Dolby
Chop that ass in half like Obi-Wan Kenobi
Greatest of all time, God straight up told me
Greatest of all time, the Devil even told me
Icicles on surfaces of sun, we livin' coldly
Prophets be phony
And we attack, we switch like the Wu Tang symbol
Still kill Jack even though quick and nimble, plain and simple
Pick niggas off while they ballin'
And die old like Stalin
Yes, Death, I hear you callin', I accept collect
Human sacrifice, must pay respect
We catch reck, nigga, we catch reck
And... we gonna... gonna...
Boom
MF Grimm, MF DOOM


"Vats Of Urine"
(feat. Mooninites)

Everybody talkin 'bout pistols, gats is boring
He came with a new topic to flip you, vats of urine
All pro, check the stats, his style scorin
While you at it, double check that Cristal you're pourin
Born of the pleads that needs a P in geniuses
Broads don't see it, since they don't got these, conveniences
Thank God she's not a ho
In the studio when you gotta go, you gotta go
Before you flow, make sure you practice or you losin
You don't wanna miss and let the cactus get to oozin
If any contestant splash, he's disqualified
Even if one drip should slide down the bottle side
Put a bum in a even better pickle
Reality show, how far would you go, to get a nickel?
...let alone a buck
Listen by the window, you can hear him moanin - yuck!
Remember, tomorrow is garbage day
It's not the kind of stuff you want to save and harbor away
Once it gets ripened and fermented
It takes on a bouquet that I should say is naturally scented
Tempted by a empty can of Guinness
Or waitin until we get there, say two or three minutes
Yeah, when it's fresh, it's sterile
Some say digestible, even edible
If you was stranded out to sea, alone and in trouble
Survive dehydration, guzzle your own cup full
Some day, you may even show your son how
To use it to make potassium nitrate for gunpowder
Funded by friends of ours who's generous
Join us next time when we discuss disgusting enemas


"Vaudeville Villain"

V. Vaughn, the travelin' Vaudeville Villain
Who don't give a flyin' fuck who ain't not feelin' him
Watch what ya dealin' him: Ace, king, death card
Strong-arm the wrong man, pardon the left, god
Get money and earn it, that "everything you touch turn" shit
Got much to learn kid, light it up, burn shit
Light it up like the Dutch when the hash melt
Only time they see him when they meet him with the cash belt
Ay carumba, now that's my number
One dry summer, as far as I remember
Burnt-out, but gainin' every edgy penny
Then he hit him straight to the head like Reggie Denny
Call him back when you need some more yak, Horshack
Doin' 80 down the Van Wyck on horseback
Your man sick, but he wreck tracks, puto
Get back too, bro, exactamundo
Viktor the director flip a script like Rob Reiner
The way a lotta dudes rhyme their name should be "knob shiner"
For a buck, they'd likely dance the Jig or do the Hucklebuck
To Vik it's no big deal, they're just a buncha knuckle-fucks
You wonder how well would they hold up in a holding cell
It sorta had the strange makings of a tale told in hell
Like "Oh well," hold tall riches
If the feds is really after them they just told all the snitches
On borrowed-time rhymes, gassed by the silver screen
They act like their monkey-ass can heal back like Wolverine
Mellow out what y'all bellow out ya yellow mouth
What happened to the kinda spit that used to help a fellow out?
No doubt, leave a rapper in a body cast
And wonder what he was doing while we was in a karate class
Snotty ass, it's really like he was a white-belt
Right before he "night-night" ask him how the light felt
I wouldn't take their tape if they gave it free
Maybe it's me, baby it's V!
Throw down the key, y'all know how shit be
In the naked city, rappers is so giddy
That's no ditty, Vaughn so witty
The way he take no prisoners and show no pity
It's how son became a big man from a black boy
To name names, a really big fan of Dan Akroyd
He feel they need to give him his own dance
This his only chance to shoot the gift like a lone glance
Or like a beef scene that leave the oo-ey smokin'
Or between Hoktuo Shinken and Nanto Suichō Ken


"Vomitspit"

It's the beat, he hear it in his sleep sometimes
Blare it in your jeep so your peoples can stare at them rhymes
Real rhymes not your everyday hologram
Even when ribs was touchin' never swallowed the ham
He'd rather eat a sand sandwich salad
It might need salt like your man's bland ballad
A lot of stuff happens that the news won't tell yous
Blues on L juice, snooze, all hell loose
Rake it, take it like the good, the bad, the ugly
Break it, rollin' through ya hood in the caddy buggy
Butter softly, leather flossy, fatty juggy
Always threw me off when she told me, "Daddy funk me"
I'm like anywho's
Seeds walkin' all out in street with out any shoes
I guess it's better than some funky socks
You need to get her some skips before she catch the monkey pox
Instead she wanna hear the beatbox
Take pills and make fake krills as sheetrock
Sing it, bring it, back to your laboratory
While he's in his oratory glory, it's like a horror story
The mask is like Jason
They told the place not to let the basket type case in
He could be some kind of wacko
Waitin' for the chance to heat the pipes like a crack ho
He busted in, blessed be the Lord
Who believe any mess they read up on a message board
If so, I got bridges for the low low
Same bitch a-go dry snitchin' to the popo
Here, orange peel stogs for the whole tier
Feel like I've been gone over a year, came home to old gear
It was the shit when I first scooped it
At least I get to sit out in New York and curse stupid
Plead the fifth, sip wine stiffly
Patiently come up and be spiffy in a jiffy
Gift for the grind, criminal mind shifty
Swift with the nine through a fifty nine fifty
Well edumacated, he heard it when he meditated in deep theta
Let her hate the creep later
Dedicated cheap skata who keeps data
Say he stay self medicated to sleep later
Side effects is similar to sugar pill
Whoever go next on the mic he put a booger, ewww
And made his exit on some calm shit
Begged him on the regular for kegs of more vomitspit (DOOM)


"Wash Your Hands"

Uh, she got a cool body, damn she got a cool body
What I'm a tell you what to do with your hands for?
Much less your dirty ass shoes on the dance floor?
What a poor slob
Ain't wash his hands after peein' wound up touched the doorknob
What's your job at the pool party?
Drunk dude's spittin' up, earlin', droolin', snotty
Ooh, she got a cool body, ooh, she got a cool body, yup
Bet you wouldn't say that hour ago
When she applied the itch cream to her camel toe
Shoulda kept her limpin' ass home
Santa Marta's dangerous as those who's glass chrome
Even worse, it's the gift that keep givin'
Depends on after how many sleeps ya keep livin'
Come on G! It's only me
Tryna stay from bein' sick.
Why I gotta be OCD?
Well, wash my balls and detour
Or leap from 30,000 feet on a free fall
You so fine sista'
What I gotta do to get your bovine visna?
Niggas draw heat
Up in the club a why ya stink of raw meat
I'm just sayin', wash ya hands fam'
Before ya put your nasty thumbs in her underpants, damn
You like the way she shake her back area?
It's like a sex machine that make bacteria
Now that's a real funny business
Mad raw filthy fingers stickin' dirty money in it
Shit, before I get to stabbin' it
At least know her habits and what's in her medicine cabinet
Villain brings his own mug to the bar
And wore gloves till he go back to the car
Hey! Don't get cracked in the jaw
We tried to bring an end to the black on black war
The real enemy is microscopic
There go they Trojan horse, you talkin' bout "drop it"
All them top models
Wanna come over here, chillin', pop bottles
Fine, I take mine to the dome
You could get your own and take ya funky ass home


"Who You Think I Am"
(feat. X-Ray, Rodan, Megalon, K.D., King Geedorah & Kong)

Who you think I am, but who you want me to be?
...When I rock, jock niggas in shellshock
Don't watch the birdie watch the clock go tick tock
I rip shop, I make ya girls bottom lip drop
Yo word to the truckers at the pit stop I'm hip hop
I hold heat, never forget what niggas told me they showed me
Other emcees trying to fold me they owe me
Yo plus them niggas mad slow gee
I got my "Get U Now" so I'm comin with my homie
Here's the plan: stick 'em up, I enter, through the window
Stoop down so we can't see our crescendo
Pass the indo, yo we used to be our friend though
Yeah but thats the reason I dont really like to lend dough
From the corners cylindrical triangle hats
Says dunce. Lyrics precise like forensical science leave you entangled for months
Tryin to figure who done it, you fronted
Got cha shit stunted, didn't have to be that way
Some saw the light comin in, they shunned it
For the wickedness to those whose despise life and worship death
The established matched at eye for eye, tooth for tooth, breath to breath
These are the last days of the countdown, shit is just that drastic
Write journals, like they use the prophets, study math like a Aztec
Loved not for who you think I am, but who you want me to be
A true thuggin emcee, true thugs, with no strings attached
I wanna give you my slugs and don't wanna take em
Box sprays, but with my box cutter in my boxes
Shots sprayed, who on cops high says we rastas
Bout five cops today, my rock away
Niggas and rock rage, got paid
I suggest I should dress proper
Copped a buzz, I copped a dutch
I got a lotta love, with no strings attached
Rhymes, rhymes, rhymes, we got plenty
Dimes, dimes, dimes, too many
Sparked up and chat, you keep countin
I do my thing, jealous niggas keep doubtin
Rock 'n' roll, lock 'n' load
Emcees out for pots of gold, we stop 'em cold
In they tracks an take all they chips-eses
All they dats, all they bullshit mixeses
Give 'em a credit, not debt it
We just flipped the calistetic
Toss the Andy Pettitte, you said it
We grandslam in the never boss stand
Any pussy emcee's we abandon
Flew in from Monster Island just to rag shit wit jet lag
With brothers specializin ways how us not to get bagged
Egads! I bring confusion like roll call
To emcees so-called, hoes be like "yup I told y'all"
So socialize my bio so I dip dip dive
Memorize like I-omega zip drive
Go to the bar to drink to get soberer
King Ghidra eat the head of a king cobra like ginkoba
Kong get a cut like Kobe, now hold heat
So sweet, roll deep but no beef
Those that doze deep, close sheets
Po chose to speak with, reach over to reload the piece
Slip from freak to deak, keep concrete
Parallel to body til the next male
Shotties and hotty, still waitin to exhale
Smell the blood bath a slugs caught
Slugs passed and bloodsport
Bugged laugh, a bugged thought
Caught some eyes make the case last stack a locker
Bocker, drink a vodka, hit note, like Sinatra at a opera
Drop a flocker, Orville Redenbacher
Get you, got you, shot the two L's without the proper
For the albums knocker
Hit the liquor, quicker than a quicker picker upper
Girl and stick er, I leave more nuts than a snicker
Kick er to the curb, punk a bitch, stomp a chick
For now call me Kong, Monster Isle, Monster Click (Bow!)
Loved not for who you think I am, but who you want me to be
True thuggin emcee, true thugs, with no strings attached
I wanna give you my slugs, and don't wanna take 'em back


"Winter Blues"

Melanin on melanin
Your dude need to recharge off your velvet skin
Make 'em feel like, like twelve again
Soon as you give the green light I'm delvin' in
Soon as you give the green light I'm delvin' in
Learn to balance, it's real tricky
Like The Incredible Hulk turned back to Bill Bixby
Fuck masturbating, I'd rather wait than
Keep enough of that good stuff for the trading in
Each and every day making cash with Satan
Can't eat can't sleep, it's exasperatin'
Mad like burning off
All he needs is one warm hug to keep from turning off
I'm sure you could use a boost
Left the hooptie parked in hood with the screws loose
Bust the coupé out the driveway, stash house
Scooped you up, hit the highway and mash out
Matte-black like melanin on melanin
Of course the butter soft, black leather trim, set of rims
Let 'er purr, not a scratch on it
Spin it back to the garage and put a latch on it
I need a handful of melanin
Feelin' like the lambswool beard on your tender skin
It might give you a shock initially
As we reconnect up the flow, electricity
The phenomenal melanin bio-polymer
Follow with a glass a Merlot, I could swallow her
Eat 'er up like a SnackWell
We could live forever like Henrietta Lacks cells
Melanin on melanin
Ask me where the hell I been soon as I felt her skin
Holdin' hands, feet in the sand, grounded
Starin' in them pretty brown eyes, astounded
I'll share some solar power
If you let me pound it we could go for hours
And then again in the shower
Left her leg tremblin', recharged the melanin
Girl you got it
Me too let that show
This is how you know
That's that glow
Feel it yo
Love that glow
Even so
Feel it yo
This is how you know


"Yessir!"
(feat. Raekwon)

Live! In stereo
Yessir! This what I wanna hear my nigga, yeah
Yeah yeah
You don't even know that's the official word up in the town
You heard? Ha ha ha
Get that swing, yessir! Get it in man
That's the official shit kid, mmhmm
Word up, we gon' take it back to the big park 'n shit
Yeah, when niggaz was rhymin hard and comin crazy
Electrifyin and vivid, yo
I'm like a rabbi, fresh new mag and I'm mad high
Stolen black Jag I brag fly, yeah
Yo a project thug, political gangster, starvin Langston Hughes
Jews want the crib when the God dies
I'm deadly, metaphors'll dog you while I'm in the Forbes
First 500 niggaz who raw live
Yo B, the nigga Shallah, he low-key
But he O.G., half of his niggaz gone or in hidin
Federados'll sneak, police, holdin my old piece
Heard the young policeman died
58 carats of glass, the Aston
Blueberry black where I keep my ices and knives at
One of the force rawest, yo we're British aware
Who get money shoot dice in his fortress
Mocknecks and stragglers, eightball jackets the hagglers
of the rap game, post up surprise
I want that spot, coolin with the Supervillain team
All you other playboys is twats
Niggaz be down for the murder game
Run in the church, grab the rifle, put one in a nigga frame
I'm thirsty, hungry like a Somalis
Polly with them niggaz with the waves in they dome like tsunami
All we do is get fresh and fuck ma
Probably yo' baby ma gave me head in Barney's while I calmly
And I got giants in armies
While we rock mean colored clothes and don divas
Yeah Chef back, some call him Louis Smith
Slash Lex Diamond and his chick sell crack
We rep bananas, beat this, legend of Stan Smith
700 dollar jeans, keepin your man distance
Yeah son, gimme your ear son
Yo yo yo, yo yo get the fuck away from the ropes man
(Yo, fuckin' chicken!)
Doom, the warning signal again
Somebody approaches!
What matter of creatures are these?
There they are again, FIRE!
"A gunshot from inside the house, forces a change of plans"
"A straightforward entry, has turned into what appears to be"
"A barricaded standoff"
"POLICE DEPARTMENT! COME TO THE FRONT DOOR!"
"Anything you say, cracker"
As the funky beat continues...

